Genre: Nu-metal, rap-metal
Typecast: Comical/humorous
Content: Fun and games
Description: We do not settle for less, than beer, money and beautiful women. We are going to have some fun this friday. You might just meet us.

Title: Blinded by Your Love


Verse 1:
the fame and fortune, they consume me, they swallow me whole,
but you, you could show me a different path, tell me the way to my soul,
and i can't keep movin on, until i find that missing piece to make me whole.
i ain't got much to carry, just my rhymes and my flow,
but no matter where we go, girl, my eyes are on you, yo.
livin like reggie hammond,
in this new world that awaits, it's never bland.
i wanna be in demand, but will i sell my soul for fame

Chorus 1:
on that path unwinding, hand in hand, let's go,
you know my eyes on you everywhere we go.
girl come on and tell me the way,
back to our love, back to our yesterday.

Theme melody 1:

Verse 2:
i chop my breakfast on the mirror, that's how i start my day,
oh whoo, gotta stay fly in every single way,
and gotta give a shoutout to my mama, she's a good woman every day.
she say she like the way we out here flexin', living like kings, no stressing',
but i gotta stick to my own strategy, can't get caught up in the hype, i ain't messin',
so let me take you for a joyride, show you a different kind of session.
i could chase all this paper, just to get more green,
but at the cost of love and happiness, what do i really mean

Chorus 2:
gotta keep moving forward, on that path unwinding,
sometimes my thoughts can get in the way, but your love is always shining,
no matter where we go, you know my eyes will always be on you.
your love got me blinded like the sun,

Theme melody 2:

Bridge:
i've been to faraway places, seen different sights,
but when i'm back in the game, i do them like i'm deebo, that's right.
a new world awaits, filled with possibilities,
in 2296, we'll be legends, making histories.
don't mess with me, bitch, my glock big, i don't play,
rollin' through the streets of 2296, gun is always on display,
and technically, i rise from the block, like a branch on a tree.
i promise you won't feel a thing, just love,

Chorus 1:
on that path unwinding, hand in hand, let's go,
you know my eyes on you everywhere we go.
girl come on and tell me the way,
back to our love, back to our yesterday.

Chorus 2:
gotta keep moving forward, on that path unwinding,
sometimes my thoughts can get in the way, but your love is always shining,
no matter where we go, you know my eyes will always be on you.
your love got me blinded like the sun,

Chorus 3:
it all began with a dream, and now i'm living my truth,
so much to discover, so much to prove.
you gon get lit up, my flow keeps getting darker,
slaying these tracks like a lyrical archer.
