Play: THE PRINCESS OF THE PIGGERY

SCENE 10: On the trail of Simeon

At the same time, somewhere else in the middle of the forest.
Simeon chops wood for a traditional sauna evening and sings with a smile.
She sits down on a wooden plank and thinks out loud.

SIMEON
I never would have guessed something like this would happen here in the middle of nowhere,
that I would meet such a lovely woman and be happy in utter poverty,
That I would fall in love with a maid and be the happiest in the world like this?
I don't know how to explain this, all of this, to my father.
He would have a heart attack if he heard about all this.
Firstly, because I'm here in the pigsty and secondly, because I'm in love with the maid.
Yes indeed, I'm in love and I'm so sure of it,
that I want the whole world to hear what happiness I have found.
I won’t let anything get in the way of what I've experienced.

NARRATOR
The prince jumps from his heels and starts imitating the secretary and the king in a monologue.

SIMEON
I can already guess what the secretary will say.
She must be desperately trying to succeed and influence the king and my father.
Yeah, and my dad.
He must be forcing me with some vain elitist,
that he could breathe a sigh of relief when he thought he had made the right decision.
No, no, never again that lonely and imprisoned life.
I never want to go back to that life again.
Besides, I want to live my life on my own terms.
I don't want everyone to know what I do and where I go,
so that I cannot make my own decisions in peace.

NARRATOR
The prince wakes up from his thoughts when he hears a crash somewhere.
He sees a horse and a hound in the distance,
and who else would be there but the king with his secretary.
The prince quickly climbs a tree to escape from them.
The dog stalks the prince by the tree and starts barking.

KING OF THE NIGHT
How well can you trust a hunting dog?

SECRETARY
One hundred percent.
You chose that dog, so it must be really good!

KING OF THE NIGHT
It better be that way after all the mess you've caused!
We'd better find the prince today, as I've already arranged to meet his future wife for tonight.
What do I explain to the poor girl?

SECRETARY
How about we mate her to Thomas?

KING OF THE NIGHT
Oh, that boy needs a lot of improvement to make him appeal to women.

SECRETARY
Just leave it to me.

KING OF THE NIGHT
Well, that Simeon would have already been found if he was here,
but now I have to get back quickly before the evening party.

NARRATOR
They leave the place in a hurry.
Simeon jumps down from the tree and sighs in relief.

SIMEON
I was so right about both.
Oh that secretary.
How can she still appeal to the king.
You'd think she'd be too old for that, but no…
And the king, how can he imagine that I would ever get engaged without knowing a person.
I couldn't be that blind and stupid, could I?
I almost completely forgot about the dinner and sauna I planned for Daria.
Now we have to hurry before it gets dark.
Daria must be wondering where I am?


Summary of the scene 10:
Simeon is in the middle of a forest, chopping wood and singing with a smile. He reflects on his newfound happiness, which he knows his father would disapprove of. Suddenly, he hears a crash and finds the King of the Night and his secretary looking for him. Simeon quickly hides in a tree, and the king and secretary eventually leave. Simeon jumps down from the tree, relieved, and remembers about the dinner and sauna he planned for Daria. He rushes back to her, realizing how late he is.

