Play: THE PRINCESS OF THE PIGGERY

SCENE 2: In Daria's room
The curtains close and open.
Daria is alone in her room.
Daria sits at her desk and stares miserably at her reflection in the mirror.
After a while, she starts grimacing at her portrait.

She plays with her dolls.

DARIA
Hi, I'm Barbie, this is Ken.
Tomorrow Ken will pick me up in his parents' vehicle.
Then we drive wroom, wroom and oops,
we are at his place,
and then we have one, two, three, four children.
Yuck, yuck, yuck!!!
I never want any artificial life, it's not for me!
Everything has to happen by chance, as it was meant to be!
Besides, I can already guess what my parents have planned for me.
I don’t want any of their acquaintances' favorite boy.
He probably don't even know what a woman is… (she burst into laughter)
(Imitating that boy) Hello, I'm Jörgen von Hertzen.
You see, my mother has combed my hair and put a bow on my neck just right for you.
Do you like what you see?
Huh…
I'd rather spend a century alone than with that boy…
Right, or I guess I'm doomed to loneliness anyway.
No one would want a half-blind, diseased girl like me as their own.
And no real love even exists, it's just made up!

NARRATOR
The queen knocks on the door in a hurry!

BIRGITTA
Daria my darling. Iff you are in your room, then answer!

DARIA
Yes mom, I'm here. What's wrong?

BIRGITTA
What?
I’ve tried looking for you everywhere!
Whole mansion is already excitedly waiting for you.
Speed up, darling, hurry down.
Besides, Jörgen is also there...

DARIA
Jörgen is there too…
Now, that’s enough for me.
I'll run away rather than see that boy!
To run away, why didn't I think of that earlier?
I had already completely forgotten about mine and Ruut’s secret hiding place.
Oh, Ruut and her surprise gift…
Oh no, I promised I'd be there before dark.
I must hurry before it's too late!
Daria throws the rope out the window and slides down to the yard and runs into the nearby forest!


Summary of the scene 2:
Daria is in her room playing with her dolls. When her mother knocks on the door and tells her to hurry down, Daria realises she can escape instead of seeing Jörgen. She remembers her and Ruut's secret hiding place and decides to run away, so she grabs the rope and slides down to the yard, then runs into the nearby forest.

Short description for the cover image for the scene 2:
A young girl in a pink dress stands in a forest surrounded by dark trees, with a suitcase by her side. Her face is determined and she looks determined to make a run for it.
