Play: THE PRINCESS OF THE PIGGERY

SCENE 1: In the court of the Kingdom of Light

An old, bearded and clown-like male narrator
appears on stage with his guitar
and starts telling the story.

NARRATOR
I tune my guitar, I tighten the strings so that I can tell it already, I sing a verse as magical as’ the paths of two people collided!
I will tell you how the girl fell in love with the boy of the night, more handsome than the gallant black one.
He didn't think luck would happen in a small cottage village. The boy fell in love with the girl of light, more beautiful than...    a shooting star!
That's how the romance ignited and burned, it gave hope to our kingdom, to break all these bridges that isolate each other!
You can't tell everything that life brought to them, but now listen to my guitar, as our story begins…
SONG 1: Overture with piano, guitar and kantele.

NARRATOR
Once upon a time there was a princess named Daria, who lived in the kingdom of light, where it was always warm and beautiful. Daria had everything in her life, except that she suffered from poor eyesight, and was allergic to light.
Because she had bad eyesight, she had to wear bottle-bottomed glasses since birth, and due to an allergy, she was not allowed to be in the sun too much, otherwise her body would be full of big boils…
Despite everything, no amount of problems could erase her moon-pale face, which was the most beautiful the Kingdom had seen in centuries!
As usual, the kingdom was busy again and everyone was excitedly preparing for the princess's 18th birthday party.

The curtains open and on the stage you can see the courtiers in the background and the king and queen on chairs.

BIRGITTA (Queen of Light)
Oh, where is that Daria hiding again.
Here, the whole mansion has already prepared everything for our darling.
Gunnar. Gunnar, I already forbade you from eating all the appetizers you made for Daria again.
Now look at yourself. Couldn't you just once look tolerable in that outfit of yours??

Gunnar keeps a big chicken leg hidden behind his back.

GUNNAR (King of Light)
Listen to my peppermint, my mint!
I've reduced my eating by half since last Christmas, haven't you noticed?
I really shine with my thinness..
You should be proud of me Birgitta!
BIRGITTA
Good, dear Gunnar, because I've tailored you a size smaller party outfit for tonight!

GUNNAR
Great, my pepper, bring it out so I can show my handsomeness!

A tailor and a butler enter the stage.
They forcefully force an outfit that is too small onto the king and
the king is trying his best to pull his stomach in so that the suit will fit,
but he can't move anywhere while the outfit is on.

GUNNAR
This fits me like a glove, thank you my dear!

BIRGITTA
Please, my darling, and now music to the mansion, and the ball to begin..
I'm going to go find Daria in a hurry!

A small dance scene of old-time dances.
This will include a waltz in the old-time style and a modern break dance.



Summary of the scene 1:
In the court of the Kingdom of Light, the King and Queen are preparing for the Princess Daria's 18th birthday party. The King, Gunnar, is being forced into a smaller outfit by the tailor and the butler, while Queen Birgitta looks for Princess Daria. A small dance scene takes place with the courtiers, featuring a waltz in the old-time style and a modern break dance. As the first part of the story ends, the music resumes to set the tone for the next scene.
