Play: THE PRINCESS OF THE PIGGERY

SCENE 11: On the trail of Daria

NARRATOR
Simeon quickly hurries home.
at the house, he notices the door is open
and that something is wrong.

SIMEON
Daria, Daria, where are you?
Honey, you won't guess what I've figured out.
I think that I really lov…
Simeon doesn't have time to finish the sentence,
when he finds a note on the table.
He sits down and reads it confusedly,
and realizes that he has made a big mistake.

SIMEON
Oh no, I guessed this.
I should have told Daria the truth much earlier.
Now I don't even have time to explain that I really love him, and that this is how it was meant to be!
Simeon falls to the ground.

SIMEON
There must be some way to get my hands on Daria.
Just when Simeon is about to lose hope, the brave Walter-pig appears again!

WALTER
Damn, what's wrong with the guy?
Oh pig's snouts…
It's not real for a big guy to cry like that…
Well, did the woman leave or what?
Wasn't there a happy ending at the last dinner?
Not enough skills, huh?

Walter knocks Simeon's shoulder.

SIMEON
No Walter, Daria found out the truth about me and all this,
and decided to go,
and I can't do anything about it anymore.

WALTER
Hi, now is not the time to give up, because I might know a way to get the lady back.

SIMEON
Oh what way?

WALTER
Listen dude, we can have a pig party.
We'll get you drunk and then we can get some inflatable sex doll and name it Daria.
Walter laughs like a pig.

SIMEON
No.
Really, we need to come up with some sensible way now.

WALTER
Hey, I got an idea!

SIMEON
Well, what again?

WALTER
Now listen, I think I solved the problem.
At the same time, Walter takes a sip from his pocket flask.
Listen.
Remember that bridge that connects the realms of light and darkness?

SIMEON
Yes I remember.
We always go fishing there sometimes.

WALTER
Yes, well, on a similar fishing trip 2 months ago, I also caught that lady.
You had already gone home when I ran into Daria.
It just occurred to me that maybe if we are quick and don't mess around,
and not slow down,
we might make it to the bridge before Daria,
and if we make it in time, then you know what I have to do.
You put everything on the line, don't you?

SIMEON
I understand, I understand.

WALTER
But now let’s hit the road.
They quickly go for a walk through the forest,
until Walter notices the intersection,
which reads The Path Of Darkness and The Path Of Seductions.

WALTER
Hey, Simeon, let's take that Path Of Seductions, and we'll get there in time.

SIMEON
Are you absolutely sure?

WALTER
I'm just as sure that I'm wearing hooves.

NARRATOR
Unknowingly, they have entered the infamous path of seduction,
which could very well lead to destruction.
Suddenly two beautiful maidens appear in front of them,
who start harassing them.

WALTER
I said that I chose the right path!

SIMEON
Hey, we don't have time to stop now.
Take their numbers and let's move on.

WALTER
Hello ladies.
Sorry, I have to go now,
but hey, call me and we'll talk another day.

After walking for a while, they see a bridge in the distance.
See Walter.
Over there, we have to get there.
But suddenly Simeon can't find Walter anywhere.
Walter, Walter, where did you go again?
Simeon sees light and blaring music at the edge of the forest.
That's where Walter is playing blackjack
and drinking favorite spirits.

SIMEON
Walter!
Hey, let's go.
We're in a hurry, you know?

WALTER
Hey, now don't be boring.
I'll play one more game.
Hey, take a shot of that and you'll relax too.
Walter doesn't listen, but continues playing,
until Simeon drags Walter by pulling his tail
off playing and back on the main road.

WALTER
Come on!
Why do you always have to be such a joy-spoiler?
Look, we will still manage just fine.

SIMEON
Or maybe we won’t!
Quickly they run to the bridge
and Simeon notices Daria on the railing of the bridge
just about to jump down.
He grabs Daria so she doesn't fall down.
Walter helps them back to the bridge.
Simeon hugs Daria and takes a firm hold of her.

SIMEON
I already lost you once.
I will not make the same mistake again!
Daria, forgive me.
I had to tell you everything before.
I knew you wouldn't understand though.
Walter whispers magic words into Simeon's ear
and Simeon gets the courage to reveal his feelings.
Simeon kneels on the ground and takes out the ring.
Daria, I know I haven't been completely honest,
but I know that
that no riches on earth,
and not even a family,
can give such happiness,
what can I get with you
and no matter what I do
yet nothing can take it away,
that I really love you,
and I want you to be my wife,
and that you will live with me in the piggery.

DARIA
Simeon…
Daria looks at her angrily, but quickly calms down.
You're finally being honest.
Of course I will be your wife,
but what do we explain to our parents?
They would never accept it,
that the prince and princess of the enemy kingdoms are together?

SIMEON
They never need to know
because we're never going back
and we will live here in the piggery for the rest of our lives.

DARIA
But what about who initiates us and where do we get everything we need?

WALTER
Hey, that's what you have me for.
Look, I'm a super pig!
I can be the priest and the boys can act as bridesmaids,
And we will find a really gorgeous wedding dress for you somehow.

NARRATOR
And so they got married in the piggery in the middle nothing,
and lived happily ever after around the pigs and the pen,
and they never again longed for the wealth and luxury they had before,
because they had each other…
Well, maybe once in a while Simeon decided to arrange some nice things for Daria,
and Walter decided to organize dirty game nights,
ise they lived in deep harmony with each other,
because they had everything they had ever wanted in life.


Summary of the scene 11:
In this scene, Simeon rushes home after discovering the truth about himself and Daria. At home he finds a note from Daria, realizing he has made a big mistake. Just as he is about to give up hope, Walter steps up and suggests they try to get Daria back by going on a fishing trip and taking the Path of Seductions. Along the way they are ambushed by two maidens, but manage to escape and make it to the bridge before Daria. Simeon then confesses his love and proposes to Daria, and she accepts. Walter then offers to be the priest and the boys the bridesmaids, and the two are married in the piggery. Afterwards, they live happily ever after, enjoying each other's company and arranging nice things for one another.

Description for the cover image for the scene 11:
The cover image could be a painting of Simeon and Daria standing at the edge of the bridge overlooking the picturesque landscape. The sky should be illuminated with a beautiful orange hue, and Simeon should be kneeling down to Daria with a loving expression and a sense of hope in his eyes.
