Play: THE PRINCESS OF THE PIGGERY

SCENE 6: The Clash
Curtains opens and in the background you can see the piggery,
where the princess wakes up to a new morning.

DARIA
Ah, it's a beautiful morning.
I have to go out and see what nature looks like.

For the first time in her life, the princess saw things very clearly,
because he had regained her sight.
And that's not all.

DARIA
Oh how beautiful everything looks, and so clear!

She rubs her eyes a couple of times.

DARIA
I can't believe my eyes.
This is a miracle, I got my sight back!
This nature is so wonderful,
and I have never seen snow in my life, oh how wonderful!

The narrator appears
still dressed as a jester.

NARRATOR
Daria walks for a while in the middle of nature,
until she notices a small cabin in the corner of the forest
and hears someone knocking on the trees.
She decides to approach the cabin out of curiosity.
Just when he is at the edge of the cabin,
she trips on a stone
and flies on her nose to the ground.
The young man who lives in the cabin hears a crash
and appears on the scene!
That young man living in the cabin is not just any young man,
but the prince of the kingdom of darkness,
who has decided to move to the country to prove to his parents,
that no wealth on earth brings so much happiness,
like natural life!
He has intended to prove to his father that he can live in the country completely happily,
without thinking for a moment about riches and fame.
And he's not going to go back to his artificial life where he can't be alone for a moment!

SIMEON
Excuse me.
I don't want to be rude, but what are you doing on my farm and do you have permission to come here?

DARIA
I'm sorry, but I didn't know that nowadays even walking in nature requires a permit of some sort?
I was just in the vicinity and thought I'd come and check out this area too, if you don't mind that too much?

SIMEON
I apologize, good lady, but you have to be careful these days,
when traders of all kinds have been seen in these regions!

DARIA
Right.
Excuse me, may I introduce myself.
I'm… I'm a lady… that's court servant Daria!

SIMEON
I'm Sir Simeon, I mean... Simeon, the prince of the piggery, as Walter claims,
that is, I am a pig herder by my official profession.

DARIA
Nice to meet you Simeon.

SIMEON
Likewise. Shall I make amends and invite you to my low house for dinner, perhaps?

DARIA
Hmm, apology accepted!

SIMEON
Would it be in half an hour?

DARIA
Why not?

SIMEON
Good.
So the date is arranged!



Summary of the scene 6:
In the scene 6, princess Daria and Simeon, the prince of the piggery, meet for the first time. Daria had recently regained her sight and was out exploring nature when she stumbled upon Simeon's cabin. Simeon questioned her presence on his farm, but after apologizing Daria introduced herself and charmed Simeon, who then extended an invitation to his house for dinner in an hour. The date was arranged and the two set off to Simeon's house.
