Play: THE PRINCESS OF THE PIGGERY

SCENE 8: Romance

SIMEON
Welcome to my low house, lady Daria.
Simeon kisses Daria on the hand.

NARRATOR
Of course, since Simeon is a traditional bachelor, his apartment is a real mess.
While Daria steps forward
Simeon hides his mess.
He throws things out of sight,
which might upset Daria
and which could reveal his identity.
As Daria examines Simeon's belongings,
she soon notices an unfinished work of art.

DARIA
Wow, what a wonderful piece of work.
Simeon, may I ask more specifically what this represents?

SIMEON
The artwork is ... something erotic?
Of course.
Hmm…
It clearly has melons and a lemon beautifully in a fruit basket.
And oh dear, there's even a banana that got lost upside down.

DARIA
Hmm…
True.
That's what it looks like.
I could have sworn there was something else to it, but you know best.

SIMEON
Yes, but could you have coffee or tea perhaps?

DARIA
Coffee, please.
Daria examines Simeon's belongings excitedly,
but Simeon tries his best to hide
all his bachelor paraphernalia out of sight.

Then he remembers that he promised to make dinner.
Following the instructions of the servant
he tries to make as natural food as possible for Daria.
Despite the problems, he manages to make dinner.

SIMEON
Here you go.
I don't know how this worked out, but I tried my best.

DARIA
Oh thank you Simeon.
What's in it?

SIMEON
A hunter's dinner, i.e. elk meat with a side dish of lingonberries,
and here is homemade beer to drink.
You're welcome.

DARIA
Oh thank you.
I haven't tasted traditional food for a long time before…
or actually, I always eat traditional food.
I really love it

Daria is startled that she was caught in her words
and devours food as if it were the last day,
so that the food drips from her mouth.
After a while they burst out laughing
and continue the conversation until the evening.
The narrator appears dressed as a jester.

NARRATOR
Time flies and before they know it, it's already dark.
Daria remembers that she promised to be at the piggery before dark,
but she stays the night,
and secondly,
and before Daria notices,
she's been living in the cabin for over a month now without care.

Summary of the scene 8:
Simeon and Daria get to know each other better, with Simeon giving Daria a traditional hunter's dinner. They continue to talk and laugh until it's dark, when Daria realizes that she has stayed for a month in Simeon's cabin without care.
