Play: THE PRINCESS OF THE PIGGERY

SCENE 11: On the trail of Daria

NARRATOR
Simeon quickly hurries home.
at the house, he notices the door is open
and that something is wrong.

SIMEON
Daria, Daria, where are you?
Honey, you won't guess what I've figured out.
I think that I really lov…
Simeon doesn't have time to finish the sentence,
when he finds a note on the table.
He sits down and reads it confusedly,
and realizes that he has made a big mistake.

SIMEON
Oh no, I guessed this.
I should have told Daria the truth much earlier.
Now I don't even have time to explain that I really love him, and that this is how it was meant to be!
Simeon falls to the ground.

SIMEON
There must be some way to get my hands on Daria.
Just when Simeon is about to lose hope, the brave Walter-pig appears again!

WALTER
Damn, what's wrong with the guy?
Oh pig's snouts…
It's not real for a big guy to cry like that…
Well, did the woman leave or what?
Wasn't there a happy ending at the last dinner?
Not enough skills, huh?

Walter knocks Simeon's shoulder.

SIMEON
No Walter, Daria found out the truth about me and all this,
and decided to go,
and I can't do anything about it anymore.

WALTER
Hi, now is not the time to give up, because I might know a way to get the lady back.

SIMEON
Oh what way?

WALTER
Listen dude, we can have a pig party.
We'll get you drunk and then we can get some inflatable sex doll and name it Daria.
Walter laughs like a pig.

SIMEON
No.
Really, we need to come up with some sensible way now.

WALTER
Hey, I got an idea!

SIMEON
Well, what again?

WALTER
Now listen, I think I solved the problem.
At the same time, Walter takes a sip from his pocket flask.
Listen.
Remember that bridge that connects the realms of light and darkness?

SIMEON
Yes I remember.
We always go fishing there sometimes.

WALTER
Yes, well, on a similar fishing trip 2 months ago, I also caught that lady.
You had already gone home when I ran into Daria.
It just occurred to me that maybe if we are quick and don't mess around,
and not slow down,
we might make it to the bridge before Daria,
and if we make it in time, then you know what I have to do.
You put everything on the line, don't you?

SIMEON
I understand, I understand.

WALTER
But now let’s hit the road.
They quickly go for a walk through the forest,
until Walter notices the intersection,
which reads The Path Of Darkness and The Path Of Seductions.

WALTER
Hey, Simeon, let's take that Path Of Seductions, and we'll get there in time.

SIMEON
Are you absolutely sure?

WALTER
I'm just as sure that I'm wearing hooves.

NARRATOR
Unknowingly, they have entered the infamous path of seduction,
which could very well lead to destruction.
Suddenly two beautiful maidens appear in front of them,
who start harassing them.

WALTER
I said that I chose the right path!

SIMEON
Hey, we don't have time to stop now.
Take their numbers and let's move on.

WALTER
Hello ladies.
Sorry, I have to go now,
but hey, call me and we'll talk another day.

After walking for a while, they see a bridge in the distance.
See Walter.
Over there, we have to get there.
But suddenly Simeon can't find Walter anywhere.
Walter, Walter, where did you go again?
Simeon sees light and blaring music at the edge of the forest.
That's where Walter is playing blackjack
and drinking favorite spirits.

SIMEON
Walter!
Hey, let's go.
We're in a hurry, you know?

WALTER
Hey, now don't be boring.
I'll play one more game.
Hey, take a shot of that and you'll relax too.
Walter doesn't listen, but continues playing,
until Simeon drags Walter by pulling his tail
off playing and back on the main road.

WALTER
Come on!
Why do you always have to be such a joy-spoiler?
Look, we will still manage just fine.

SIMEON
Or maybe we won’t!
Quickly they run to the bridge
and Simeon notices Daria on the railing of the bridge
just about to jump down.
He grabs Daria so she doesn't fall down.
Walter helps them back to the bridge.
Simeon hugs Daria and takes a firm hold of her.

SIMEON
I already lost you once.
I will not make the same mistake again!
Daria, forgive me.
I had to tell you everything before.
I knew you wouldn't understand though.
Walter whispers magic words into Simeon's ear
and Simeon gets the courage to reveal his feelings.
Simeon kneels on the ground and takes out the ring.
Daria, I know I haven't been completely honest,
but I know that
that no riches on earth,
and not even a family,
can give such happiness,
what can I get with you
and no matter what I do
yet nothing can take it away,
that I really love you,
and I want you to be my wife,
and that you will live with me in the piggery.

DARIA
Simeon…
Daria looks at her angrily, but quickly calms down.
You're finally being honest.
Of course I will be your wife,
but what do we explain to our parents?
They would never accept it,
that the prince and princess of the enemy kingdoms are together?

SIMEON
They never need to know
because we're never going back
and we will live here in the piggery for the rest of our lives.

DARIA
But what about who initiates us and where do we get everything we need?

WALTER
Hey, that's what you have me for.
Look, I'm a super pig!
I can be the priest and the boys can act as bridesmaids,
And we will find a really gorgeous wedding dress for you somehow.

SONG 6: The Piggery

NARRATOR
And so they got married in the piggery in the middle nothing,
and lived happily ever after around the pigs and the pen,
and they never again longed for the wealth and luxury they had before,
because they had each other…
Well, maybe once in a while Simeon decided to arrange some nice things for Daria,
and Walter decided to organize dirty game nights,
ise they lived in deep harmony with each other,
because they had everything they had ever wanted in life.


Summary of the scene 11:
In this scene, Simeon rushes home after discovering the truth about himself and Daria. At home he finds a note from Daria, realizing he has made a big mistake. Just as he is about to give up hope, Walter steps up and suggests they try to get Daria back by going on a fishing trip and taking the Path of Seductions. Along the way they are ambushed by two maidens, but manage to escape and make it to the bridge before Daria. Simeon then confesses his love and proposes to Daria, and she accepts. Walter then offers to be the priest and the boys the bridesmaids, and the two are married in the piggery. Afterwards, they live happily ever after, enjoying each other's company and arranging nice things for one another.


Description of the song 6 for scene 11: A triumphant song that celebrates the wedding in the piggery and Simeon and Daria’s happy future together.
Name of the song: The Piggery
Genre: Pop
Instruments: Drums, Electric Guitar, Synth
Tempo (bpm): 120
Mood: Joyful, Uplifting, Lively, Optimistic
Rhythm: Uptempo, Driving, Energetic
Chords 1: C, G, Dm, Am
Chords 2: F, C, Am, Dm
Structure of the song (e.g. intro, verse, chorus and length in bars):

Intro (16 bars)
Verse (8 bars)
Chorus (8 bars)
Verse (8 bars)
Chorus (8 bars)
Bridge (8 bars)
Chorus (8 bars)
Outro (8 bars)

In intro,
the song starts off soft and light,
with a guitar playing sparkling chords together with a synth playing a low drone.

In the verse,
the drums come in with a driving beat,
accented by the electric guitar playing a rhythmic riff.
The vocals come in singing the story of Simeon and Daria's happy union.

In the chorus,
the music grows more joyous and triumphant,
with the drums and guitar playing a more upbeat rhythm and the synth playing a more driving melody.
The vocal line is more passionate and powerful,
singing happily about the beautiful union of Simeon and Daria.

In the bridge,
the instrumental is quieter and softer,
with the guitar strumming chords softly and the synth playing a gentle melody.
The vocals sing a lullaby of love and happiness,
before leading into the final chorus.

In the outro,
the guitar and drums come back in with an uptempo beat,
while the synth plays a fanfare-like melody and the vocals add a triumphant quality to the song.
The song ends with a big finish that celebrates the beautiful bond between Simeon and Daria.


This song is about the upcoming marriage of Daria and Simeon. It's also about their wedding in the piggery. It's very happy and optimistic song in the immediate end of the play.




Lyrics by Bloodhound Gang, performed by DARIA, SIMEON, WALTER, NARRATOR:

Verse 1:
NARRATOR
 Come gather round folks,
 We’re here to share a special story 
 About two hearts, that found true love,
 Beyond life’s ordinary glory

WALTER
 We all jumped and cheered so loud,
 As Simeon and Daria committed
 To this bond, that shall be strong,
 In the piggery they wed and pleaded

SIMEON
 My heart holds something special,
 Something I can never explain
 But I'm so glad that you've come here,
 To make me feel such joy again

DARIA
 I walked in feeling so confused,
 But now I'm glad that I gave in 
 We'll both be here until the end,
 Together eternally we shall win

Chorus:
 We'll live in the piggery with joy and love,
 Welcomed by the piggies from above
We'll never forget, tht special vow,
Living happily together until the cows come home

Verse 2: 
WALTER
Newlyweds take a shot, 
The best cheers they'll make without a doubt 
We'll be sipping until the sun is out
Give me new beer or else I'll pout

SIMEON
Pigs, cows and goats come running around, 
Making noise and enjoying the sound 
Daria laughs and enjoys the view,
As Walter is drunk with something to chew

DARIA
Our love will never die, 
It will remain so strong and true 
A love forever strong, forever alive, 
Even through life's biggest trial or two

NARRATOR
Their lives are full of love and laughter
As they rest on the piggery's green grass
And everyone can see and hear,
That their love will last

Chorus: 
We'll live in the piggery with joy and love,
Welcomed by the piggies from above
We'll never forget, tht special vow,
Living happily together until the cows come home

Bridge:
Walter:
Our weddin' is there for us all to see,
The perfect union of you and me
Simeon & Daria:
No one can take away the joy of our love,
Validated by the stars above

Outro: 

Everyone come join in on

















Rap song lyrics by The Bloodhound Gang, performed by DARIA, SIMEON, WALTER, NARRATOR:

Verse 1 (Daria):
Can't believe I found a man like you,
Started slow, and now it's coming through
Your truth revealed, I'm finally free
You can have my heart, and it's what I need

Verse 2 (Simeon):
My love is here, and we'll never part
All I need is just a spark
No one can take me away
When I'm with you, the stars are at play

Chorus:
We all live in the Piggery,
Makin' love and livin' freely
Stay forever like a sweet melody
In the Piggery

Verse 3 (Walter):
You two goofy kids, go make it true 
Now you got what is coming to you
All you need's a little bit of luck
All 'round the kingdom we rise up

Verse 4 (Narrator):
A prince and a princess is what you see
Can't keep away from our beautiful tree
Living life to its fullest you two
Gave us the love that me and you will always pursue

Chorus:
We all live in the Piggery,
Makin' love and livin' freely
Stay forever like a sweet melody
In the Piggery

Bridge:
Living and smiling, giving and loving,
It's what we will carry on with
No worries no stress, just loving each other and being blessed
In the Piggery

