Play: THE PRINCESS OF THE PIGGERY

SCENE 4: Piggery in the dark

The curtains open and a piggery can be seen on the stage.
Before they go to the piggery, Walter the pig warns the princess!

WALTER
Now lady, hold your nose and ears, because you're about to see the pig party of your life!

PIGS:
If I were you, hey babe, babe, babe, I'd drink with me too.
If I were you, I would take you to drink with me.
If I were you, I would eat everyone's food.
If I were you, I would never wash again.

Pigs sing in chorus.

The song continues and the pigs are jumping and bouncing on tables and chairs and snoring right behind the shoulder!
After watching the hustle and bustle for a while, Walter the pig decides to correct his companions a little.

WALTER
Boys boys, the pig king came to the place, so show some respect, eh!

PIGS
They shout in chorus.
Come on, hey don’t be dull, get the party going!
Hey, if I were you, I'd drink with me too.
If I were you, I'd take you to drink with me!

WALTER
Really, there's a fine lady here.
Guys, now show some manners!

PIGS
Whistling in a group
Wow, what a woman.
May I touch?

They start harassing Daria.

MIKE THE PIG
What’s up girl?
Pretty nice, pretty nice!

THE PIG TWINS
Do you come here often?
After watching the action for a while, Walter gets totally mad and he screams loudly!

WALTER
Boys, can't you at least once in your life try to behave properly,
and whoever has those glasses, raise your hand!

MIKE THE PIG
Oh, these huh?
Mike throws glasses at the twins, who throw glasses around,
until they fall to the ground and one of the pigs accidentally steps on them!
Now Daria has had enough and bursts into tears again.

WALTER
Guys, what did you do?
Shame on you!
Now you apologize to Daria, or else this will be the last time you'll ever have a party again!
Everyone takes turns to apologize to Daria, and gradually Daria settles down.

THE PIG TWINS
Hey girl, I mean, hey miss!
We are going to the market this weekend and they sell glasses there,
so we'll get you new ones for sure, don’t worry!

WALTER
But what do you guys think about it if we presented the lady with our own pig show?

The pigs sing the "pig" song both in chorus and individually in a cabaret style!

SONG 2: A Night in the Piggery


Narrator appears on stage.
NARRATOR
Soon the pigs get Daria to join them in the party and the evening becomes a merry one.
At the end of the evening, Daria falls asleep on the couch and the pigs fall asleep on the ground around Daria.
At night, the pigs wake up. They decide to give Daria her sight back out of gratitude.
Together they say:
PIGS
Abracadabra,
rabadacabra,
Cadarabraba!!
The curtains close
15 min Intermission




Summary of the scene 4:
In the piggery, Walter warns the princess about the pig party and the pigs start to jump and dance around. They also start to harass her but Walter scolds them and they apologize. They agree to organize their own pig show to entertain the princess and eventually make her sight come back to her. At the end, all the pigs together say a special rhyme and the princess gets her sight back. The curtains close and an intermission follows.

Summary of the scene 5:
The King of the Night and his Secretary as discuss plans for the upcoming party. The Secretary is forced into a desperate situation when she finds out one of her sons has gone missing and must secretly create a wax doll to replace him at the dining table. As the King becomes increasingly drunk, the Secretary takes advantage of the opportunity and drags the King to his room in a wheelbarrow before the servants discover him. The Queen and Prince Thomas leave in a state of wonder after the King agrees to buy the Prince a convertible for his birthday.





Name of the song: A Night in the Piggery
Genre: Uptempo Rock
Instruments: Electric guitar, drums, synthesizers
Vocals: Yes
Tempo (bpm): 120
Rhythm: 4/4
Mood: Energetic, exciting

- Intro – 4 bars
- Verse – 8 bars
- Chorus – 8 bars
- Bridge – 8 bars
- Outro – 4 bars

In Intro,
the song starts off strong and energetic,
with a lead guitar playing the melody and the drums and synthesizers providing a strong foundation.

In Verse 1,
the lead guitar takes a more technical approach,
while the drums and synthesizers lay out a bouncy yet driving rhythm section.

In Chorus,
the lead guitar riff takes the forefront,
with an epic and powerful melody, contrasted by the melodic bassline underneath. The drums and synthesizers drive the beat forward with energy and intensity.

In Bridge,
the lead guitar takes a more melodic approach,
with soft chords and soaring single-note lines. The drums and synthesizers provide a more relaxed atmosphere, creating a great contrast between the verse and chorus moments.

In Outro,
the lead guitar finishes off the song with a powerful and dramatic series of melodies and chords,
while the drums and synthesizers add in a bit of drama and intensity to bring everything to a close.



The song is about a group of friends having fun. These friends are expected to be men, with slight possibility of women being among them. They have really dirty habits and manners. Anything is fine with them, as long as it brings fun. They are not ashamed of themselves and others are allowed to dodge if there are problems.


Lyrics by N.W.A, performed by MIKE THE PIG (Eazy-E), THE PIG TWINS (Dr. Dre, MC Ren) and WALTER (Ice Cube):

Verse 1
WALTER:
If I were you, I'd drink with me too
A crazy pig and nothing to lose
Live it up and don't be ashamed
Let the party never be tamed

MIKE THE PIG:
Booze it up, popping and bouncing
Let the bottles do the talking
Gonna act a fool, it's understood
Welcome to a night in the piggery

The PIG TWINS:
Take a sip and tell a joke
Get some laughs 'til our voices broke
Making 'memories of the night
We'll live it up 'til we see the light

Chorus 1
A night in the piggery, come shake it with me
A wild one 'til the break of dawn, we're free
Rip it up loud, just one night, you see
A night in the piggery — wild as can be!

Verse 2
WALTER:
Not afraid of getting real wild
The wildest hog, so get down with style
Let the party have its way
Bounce it up till the break of day

MIKE THE PIG:
Gonna lose our minds and have a ball
Till we forget it all
Coming right at ya with insane flows
Welcome to a night in the piggery

The PIG TWINS:
One more round of the piggy brew
A little bit of everything we do
Live it up, and let it go
We gon' get this party rockin' show!

Chorus 1
A night in the piggery, come shake it with me
A wild one 'til the break of dawn, we're free
Rip it up loud, just one night, you see
A night in the piggery — wild as can be!

Bridge:
Let the music play all night
Sing along and yeah, that's right -
A night in the piggery, livin' it wild
Jump in the mud, take a dip, get wild

Chorus 1
A night in the piggery, come shake it with me
A wild one 'til the break of dawn, we're free
Rip it up loud, just one night, you see
A night in the piggery — wild as can be!

Chorus 2
A night in the piggery, we like to have fun
A special kind of party without any rules
No need to hide it, just bust it open wide
A night in the piggery — Let's do it tonight!

Outro:
The pig night is a special thing -
Wild, wild, and free on the piggery streets
Let it rock — come on and sing
A night in the piggery — wild as can be!

















Lyrics by N.W.A, performed by MIKE THE PIG, THE PIG TWINS and WALTER:

Verse 1:
We gonna be wild and wild all night long
Acting like pigs, we party all night strong
Drunk and high, we don’t care, don’t be wrong
When the sun shines, our spirits will be gone
Smoke weed and drink wine, that’s our style
Life ain’t no beauty, but ain’t no crime
We do it every night, living the wild
Doing as we please, laughing all the while

Chorus:
If I were you, I'd drink with me too
If I were you, I would take you to drink with me
If I were you, I would eat everyone's food
If I were you, I would never wash again

Verse 2:
We gonna be wild and wild all night long
Getting drunk and high, living the double life
We done seen it all and we ain’t gonna stop
We stay up till dawn and ain’t ever gonna drop
Ain’t no shame for us, no matter what they say
We do our own thing in our own way
We gonna take them by surprise, that’s for sure
Cause this is the life of the piggy folk!

Chorus:
If I were you, I'd drink with me too
If I were you, I would take you to drink with me
If I were you, I would eat everyone's food
If I were you, I would never wash again

Bridge:
We gonna be wild and wild all night
No matter what they say, we still gonna fight
Drink beer and smoke pot, just us the gang
Do our own thing and living the life!

Outro:
If I were you, I think we gonna be alright
If I were you, I won’t regret tonight
If I were you, I wouldn’t feel afraid
Cause this is the life of the piggy gang!















Verse 1:
If I was you I'd be sippin' on Henny
Kickin it with the homies, gettin' wild
Up in the pig pen, livin' night to night
Ain't afraid to laugh, we party all night
Don't care 'bout nobody watchin' us
They can't keep us down, we be too high
We won't back down, can't keep up the fight
Living life on the edge, no worries in sight

Chorus:
If I was you, I'd drink with me too
If I was you, I'd take you to drink with me
If I was you, I'd eat everyone's food
If I was you, I'd never wash again

Verse 2:
Ridin' round town with the top off
Screaming out loud, letting everybody know
All these troubles I got much be lettin' go
We don't care what nobody think about us
Gettin' drunk and loud, havin' a good time
The party's alive, we don't sleep at night
We keep it real and act hard when times are tough
Still livin' wild, always ready to brawl

Chorus:
If I was you, I'd drink with me too
If I was you, I'd take you to drink with me
If I was you, I'd eat everyone's food
If I was you, I'd never wash again

Bridge:
If I was you, yeah I'd live like me
And I'd be rollin' down the streets livin' free
We ain't scared of the cops, we something like that
We just doin' our thang, like they can't hold us back

Outro:
If I was you, I think I'd do the same
Gettin' money, livin' that life, no one can blame
If I was you, I'll take you to the top
No need to worry, I don't care if they words are slop


















Intro:
Raise a glass, kick off our shoes
We're just here to break the rules
Free from care, no need to worry
Welcome to the piggery

Verse 1:
Living life like someone else told us
Never daring to take control
Crossing lines, ignoring the cost
It's time to let our spirits take hold

Chorus:
Party hard, make some noise
Let the music take control
Break away, start the night
Welcome to the piggery

Bridge:
All night, runnin' wild
Living like the kings of the town
Never worry, never doubt
We're always here to turn it up

Outro:
A night in the piggery will never fade away!
Time to party and set our spirits free
We never rest, never cease, just keep running wild
Welcome to the piggery!

