Play: THE PRINCESS OF THE PIGGERY

SCENE 3: A bridge in the woods
The curtains close and open.

A forest and a weak bridge can be seen on the stage.
A narrator dressed as a jester enters the stage.

Daria wanders through the forest until she spots a bridge.
When Daria is halfway across the bridge, her glasses fall into the river,
which flows bubbling under the bridge.
She frantically tries to find her glasses, but to no avail.
They are already far out of reach.

Daria wanders in the forest for a while, but gives up when darkness falls.
After a while he panics and realizes,
that no one hears her cry in the thicket,
and surely she would never find it again before dark!

Now Daria bursts into tears and sinks to the ground.

DARIA
Oh no.
Why I was so thoughtless?
I will never make it back home safe and sound..
What do I do now?
I knew I was doomed, but in this way…


Daria bursts into tears again!
After a while, a strange noise is heard from the forest.
Daria flinches and listens.

After a while, the voice comes closer.
Now Daria is really worried and decides not to move.

DARIA
Who’s there? (asks scared)
A voice from the darkness answers.

WALTER
Oink, oink.
Uncle Walter here.

DARIA
Sorry, I don't really understand now?

WALTER
Well, Walter, the pig of the pigs, the king of the forests, the sweat of the pens!
Well, babe, don't worry, I'm not going to eat you.
I'm totally vegan these days! (laughs with a piggish laugh)
Well yeah, actually I heard the lady crying and I thought I'd help out a bit, so what?

DARIA
Well, first of all, I lost my glasses,
and I'm not sure if they fell into the river,
and now I don't know how to get back home because I'm half blind without glasses,
and today is an important day, so it would be really nice if…

WALTER
No problems ma'am.
I think I know where the glasses are, if they were the kind of sunken white and big ones like the eyes of some alien.
We were having a party at my place today and, well, it got pretty dirty, after being drunk for 5 days.
So we decided to go for a dip in the river,
and that's where my little cousin found glasses
and I guess he still has them on his head,
so time to hit the road!

DARIA
I don't know if I really trust your words now.

WALTER
Don't worry babe, you can trust me like a rock,
but now move your joints before those glasses are history…

SONG: Walter's Song

End of the scene 3 and the beginning of the scene 4.



Summary of the scene 3:
Daria is walking in the woods when she loses her glasses in the river. She is distressed until a pig-looking creature steps out of the shadows. The creature introduces himself as Walter, the king of the forest pigs. He claims to have seen Daria's glasses at his home and offers to take her there to retrieve them. Despite her initial skepticism, Daria takes Walter's offer and sets off with him on a journey to his home.

Summary of the scene 4:
In the piggery, Walter warns the princess about the pig party and the pigs start to jump and dance around. They also start to harass her but Walter scolds them and they apologize. They agree to organize their own pig show to entertain the princess and eventually make her sight come back to her. At the end, all the pigs together say a special rhyme and the princess gets her sight back. The curtains close and an intermission follows.



Name of the song: Walter's Song
Genre: Romantic Ballad
Instruments: Piano, electric guitar, strings
Tempo (bpm): 80
Rhythm: Ballad
Mood: Warm, gentle

Intro — 8 bars
Verse 1 — 16 bars
Chorus — 16 bars
Verse 2 — 16 bars
Bridge — 8 bars
Chorus — 16 bars
Outro — 8 bars

In Intro,
Piano plays simple chiming notes to set up the melody.
Electric guitar plays soft single-note lines.

In Verse 1,
Piano plays simple chords in the background.
Electric guitar plays a more intricate line.
Strings provide a lush texture.

In Chorus,
Piano plays gently arpeggios.
Electric guitar plays a more complex line.
Strings come in with a more dramatic section.

In Verse 2,
Piano plays simple chords in the background.
Electric guitar plays a more intricate line with some melodic leads.
Strings supplement the song with a brighter tone.

In Bridge,
Piano plays more complex chords in the background.
Electric guitar plays a melodic lead and some single-note lines.
Strings create an even more dramatic feel.

In Outro,
Piano plays a simple melody.
Electric guitar plays more simple lines.
Strings play a final chord to bring the song to an end.


The song is about a friend who helps in a time of need.
The friend can't be completely trusted, though.
Without a friend, you can't get through a problem, or sometimes you could even die without a friend.
Walter is a friend who maybe could be more, but we don't talk about that.
Walter is an ugly pig, but he has a heart in place.



Lyrics by Kanye West, performed by DARIA and WALTER:

Intro
DARIA:
Oh, I was lost in my sorrow,
There seemed to be no hope tomorrow.
But then I heard an oink and a squeak,
All my fears began to leak.

Verse 1
DARIA:
Lost in this forest, I'm searching for help
Alone in the darkness I'm crying for help
But no one hears me, except for the trees
Until a voice says, "Hey, don't you worry"

WALTER:
That voice was mine, an uglier type
Your only chance you'll see some sight
So take my hand and come with me
Together we'll make it through this misery

Chorus
WALTER:
We can make it out alive
Wherever the river takes us tonight
(Uncle Walter here is here for you)
I promise our friendship will last
DARIA:
He'll take you 'cross the bridge and bring you home fast
We can beat this on our own
So trust him and you'll never be alone
Uncle Walter here will be true
DARIA & WALTER:
And together, you and me, we can make it through

Verse 2
DARIA:
And I don't know why you'd always be there for me
You've got an ugly shape but a heart is what I see
And that's enough to guide me through this stormy night
Never thought this pig is the one who can make it right

WALTER:
Oink, oink, lalalala
Take my hoof, it's your lucky day
Let the pig guide you through the night
Let me show you that we can make it right

DARIA:
I felt hope after feeling so low
I can't see much but I'm not alone
This forest has its own kind of love,
it's dark but with a guide, I'm sure I'll make it out

WALTER:
That's right my dear, you should have no fear
I used to survive in these forests here
To the piggery, now it's the way
You'll find your sight and be saved today

Chorus
WALTER:
We can make it out alive
Wherever the river takes us tonight
(Uncle Walter here is here for you)
I promise our friendship will last
DARIA:
He'll take you 'cross the bridge and bring you home fast
We can beat this on our own
So trust him and you'll never be alone
Uncle Walter here will be true
DARIA & WALTER:
And together, you and me, we can make it through

Bridge
DARIA & WALTER:
Don't give up now, open your eyes
We just need to trust and never hide
Let go of life, and never look back
We'll make the future, 'cause that's what we have
WALTER:
So come with me, let our hearts beat as one
It's our new destiny, now it's time to run
DARIA:
Let's save this day so we don't lose hope
Let's make sure we never lose faith

Chorus
WALTER:
We can make it out alive
Wherever the river takes us tonight
(Uncle Walter here is here for you)
I promise our friendship will last
DARIA:
He'll take you 'cross the bridge and bring you home fast
We can beat this on our own
So trust him and you'll never be alone
Uncle Walter here will be true
DARIA & WALTER:
And together, you and me, we can make it through


<-- never -->
OUTRO:
We'll never know what tomorrow brings
But I'm sure our adventure will thrive
Hold my hand and let's keep going
Wherever the river takes us tonight!











Lyrics by Kanye West, performed by Daria:

Verse 1
My glasses had disappeared in the deep
My vision was failing, I was barely able to see
I cried in despair when I heard a soft voice
That said, 'Come with me and I can show you the right choice'
He showed me the way with a piggy dance and shout
He said trust is two-way and we have to watch out
Cos they might be different, but the people can shine
And choose to find what makes us human in time

Chorus a
And so I went
With Walter the pig of the forests
He wasn't a prince but wanted to be a savior
He said, 'If you trust me, I can be your friend
I might not be much but I can help you to the end'
So if you're ever lost, remember what Walter said
A friend can take you to a place not even in your head
Trust is two-way, and Walter knows the way
If you must, follow him, cuz he will save the day

Verse 2
He led me with a laugh when I was lost in despair
He was my guide to the entrance of a place somewhere
It might not have been enough, he may not have the crown
But he could have been the same as the princely gown
He said if you can be fearless and don't lock yourself
Then you will find the answers that can help
And that rescue that's waiting for all of us there
Maybe a pig, but he lifts us out of despair



























Lyrics by Kanye West:
Verse 1:
I keep it real, 'cause I see it in the pork
If I don't have a friend, it could be much worse
From the pigsty, I can see it in the dark
Walter, my friend, be the one to depart
Walter, you make us feel like we can fly
Lift us from the ground and show us the sky
Your heart so full, you won't ever deny
The courage to conquer, though you could never die

Chorus:
Walter, come the night, when the stars will be high
Keep us warm on the path of our journey of lies
Walter, a friend, when darkness brings a chill
You'll bring life to the coldest, darkest hills

Verse 2:
Walter, whatever face you wear
We can see a heart so true and rare
Walter, you gave us a chance, you give us a sign
Amidst the forest, we can finally align
Passing from the pigsty to the night
At the campfire, our minds will light
We'll ride on like warhorses on a night flight
We'll never be a victim of fear and plight

Chorus:
Walter, come the night, when the stars will be high
Keep us warm on the path of our journey of lies
Walter, a friend, when darkness brings a chill
You'll bring life to the coldest, darkest hills

Outro:
Walter, there in the darkness, you'll be our light
Guide us through the night, and never let go of our good fight

