
Content:
- "we" and "you" pronouns

About:
- relaxing summer
- I want old shit back again
- going back


Underlying song content (not lyrics):

Verse 1
I see my house finally. I've had enough of work
I was with the people all day, and I'll be with them again
I'm not going to fool around today, because I was fool for a day
The weather is warm and sunny, even though I'd like to be inside.
I'm going to suffer with you together.
You support me and we are happy.
My family supports me, and I trust them, unlike my friends
I ended up with you, my family.
I didn't choose you, and you didn't choose me.

Chorus
I wonder what it all was, what my life was all about.
When I tried to be in control, and lead the way.
I wasted time, and wasn't really happy.
I learned something, but it wasn't really worth it.
When you are alone, have bad life choices and don't know better, you can't live your life.
Now I have the family again, just like I did before.

AI {
	Verse 2
	I can't turn back time, the pain wasn't worth the gain
	My house will always be there, no matter how much I complain
	I'm trying to make things right, so I can have some peace
	But it's overwhelming, I need your help to stay on track
	I don't want to break my promises, and I want to stay in touch
	I'm going to learn to turn to you, and out of instinct give the trust
	With you standing by my side, I'll always find a way
	To make sure I'm living day to day, and never give up on my dreams

	Verse 3 
	Now I'm part of something bigger, and my life seems a little brighter
	My family is my safety net, I can learn and grow stronger
	I see the love in their eyes, and the hope just a little bit closer
	Time to start building memories, something we can always remember
	My house is the home of my dreams, always warm and comfy
	No matter how hard I try, my family is always there for me
	I'm heading to new heights, and I'm sure I'll make it there
	With my family by my side, I'm sure I'll make it there

	Bridge
	My family will always be there, no matter what I face
	It's not perfect but it's home, my house is in a better place
	Whatever comes my way, I'm sure I can handle
	With my family by my side, I'm sure I can make it. 
}


What makes Poko laugh? {
	Contrasting {
		Enjoyed away from the people all day after having been with them constantly
		Don't want to fool around silly after having had a day of foolishness
		Does not feel in control despite thinking he does before
		Wasted time thinking he is in control only to learn it was not worth it 
	}
	Unexpected Elements {
		Ended up with family even if he did not choose them and they did not choose him
		Did not expect to be consistent with people he can trust, including family 
		Learned from life experience, that he can not lead his life alone and make bad choices
	}
	Exaggeration and Surreal Situations {
		No matter how long I worked and for whatever reasons, I now finally have the opportunity to see my house.
		Even though I'd much rather be inside due to the warm and sunny weather, I will stay outside with the people in my life as I know there is mutual trust and support between us.
		Although I had wasted time and energy on making bad choices in life before, I've learned my lesson and am back with the family that was there to support me all this time.
		Looking back, I ponder as to why all the drama and issues, as life had to take such extra circuits to come back around.
	}
	Subversion of Expectations {
		At first I felt like I was no longer in control, wasting time and not really feeling joy in my life.
		But in the end, I returned to the support and unconditional love from my family.
		Instead of not knowing what my life was all about, I now have an appreciation for it and the loving people that surround me.
	}
	Absurd concept {
		The protagonist has gone through a difficult phase in life, struggling to take control and make adequate decisions.
		When reunited with their family, they contemplate if anything was learned from the difficult journey considering they did not end up on any better terms than when they started.
		Through listening to their family and having the support of their loved ones, they are shown that the tough phase was not pointless after all, and realize that it was just necessary for them to find balance once more.
	}
	Self-Deprecating Humor {
		"I'm not going to fool around today, because I was fool for a day." 
		"I wasted time, and wasn't really happy." 
		"When you are alone, have bad life choices and don't know better, you can't live your life."
	}
	Irony {
		Despite spending all day with people, I now long to be inside my own house, away from the outside world.
		Despite making what I thought would be better decisions and leading the way, a lot of my choices were not getting me any closer to my ideal life.
		With my family, however, I don't have these problems – their presence has put me at peace and redefined the security I used to one find in controlling things.
	}
	Playful Wordplay {
		I wasn't going to fool around, yet I was fool for a day.
		Can't fool around now I'm happy as be
		Coz when I look around nothing really bothers me
		Finally came back to good times and age old family
		Grateful for a chance to put aside my pride and see.
	}
	Absurd and Exaggerated Scenarios {
		1. The weather is so warm and sunny that I can stay indoors endlessly.
		2. With the help and support of my family, I have become hugely successful in a day.
		3. I would rather trust my family than any friends, who usually fail me and lead me towards wrong decisions.
		4. My family accepted me even though I didn't choose them and they didn't choose me.
		5. I am capable of mastering every situation and controlling life with ease.
	}
	Satirical Observations {
		Life isn't always for making grand plans that will always go our way.
		Despite waiting for the right conditions before creating change, procrastination leads us to miss out on opportunities and be stuck living an unfulfilled life.
		The support of family can mean more than the recommendations or encouragement from friends and acquaintances, as it guides us away from negative decisions and bad influences in moments of weakness.
		Happiness may be fleeting, but being surrounded and supported by family can provide the grounding and security necessary to restore joy and live a meaningful life.
		
		satire towards what is considered 'friendly' life in opposition to 'family' life {
			We often romanticize the notion of making life easier and happier through casual connections with strangers or even acquaintances.
			However, these connections are often unreliable and lead to shallow relationships that fizzle out easily.
			In comparison, the steadfast reliability and support provided by immediate family can be life-altering and create radiant joy through even the most tumultuous times.
			Having family can make a greater difference in life than the fleeting satisfactions of quick encounters may lead one to believe.
		}
	}
	Dark Humor {
		I wasted time, but at least I learned something - even if it wasn't really worth it.
		Oh well, when you don’t have any life choices and have no idea what’s going on, then at least you can still live your life with family.
	}
	Casual and Conversational Tone {
		It's been a long journey, but I'm here to show my appreciation for my family.
		I had to overcome a lot of difficulties and I journeyed to where I never thought I would.
		With people and chaos leading the way, I didn't have much time to fool around.
		I was blessed with sunny days, but internally, I made decisions alone that were my own and thus I learned along the way.
		More than ever, I'm so glad I have you here beside me.
		Every step I made, I made with doubt but also with support of my family and every mile made me appreciate everything that I had given up but also taken from.
		Now, I'm ready to face the journey I have ahead of me, trusting in my family not only at the start but every corner that is around the corner.
	}
	Mockery humor {
		Now that I'm back with my family, I don't have to put up with bad life choices anymore.
		I won't be wasting any time trying to make things happen when it's not what I really want.
		No more suffering or trying to have control because I know it doesn't end up getting me anything.
		All I have to do now is just hold on to them and be happy with the decisions I make and be thankful for the family I have.
	}
}
