Story:
My name is Poko and I'm adult.
I was a guest at Paula, my old language teacher.
She is also the mother of my friend Andy, who is also adult now.
Suddenly, Andy came there.
Part of me thought Andy was completely normal, and part thought he was somehow out of control.
Clearly, my school-me considered him quite normal, but the army-me somehow abnormal.
I had a sexual relationship with Paula, which had many kinky characteristics.


Sexually explicit romantic novel:


My name is Poko and I'm an adult, but I can still clearly remember the days when I was a student at Paula's language class. She was also the mother of my friend Andy, and we both grew up together.

The years had passed, and both of us had grown into adults. One night, Andy showed up at Paula's house. I couldn't help but feel a conflicting in my emotions as to whether Andy was really as normal as he seemed or if there was something off about him.

Part of me, my classmate self, still thought of him as the normal guy that I knew from school. But the other part of me, the one that had recently joined the military, saw something more. It was like all the macho, hardened features in the military life had just taken over my perception and I was seeing Andy from a completely different light.

The situation was already awkward enough, and then came the even bigger surprise – Paula and I had been having a secret, steamy affair with a wide array of kinky activities. Of course, neither of us wanted Andy to find out about it. But when he did, all of our fears came true as his reaction was quite different from what we had expected.



A sexually explicit rap song called "Poko and Paula":

[Verse 1]
My name is Poko and I'm a grown man
Call me a player but I had a plan
To have some fun with my old language teacher
Paula was cool so I couldn't wait for her

[Chorus]
But then my friend Andy came along
It was a shock, I knew my secret could be gone
Me and Paula, we were so discreet
But his appearance had us on our feet

[Verse 2]
The situation was tense, we had to act fast
I felt like I was in a movie cast
My schoolmate self thought he was a-okay
But my army self said there was something astray

[Chorus]
But then my friend Andy came along
It was a shock, I knew my secret could be gone
Me and Paula, we were so discreet
But his appearance had us on our feet

[Verse 3]
Our relationship was something no one knew
We had kinks, explored each others taboo
It felt wrong but it felt so right
Buried secrets, but we kept in tight

[Chorus]
So when my friend Andy came in
We had to keep cool, and stay within
Me and Paula, we were so discrete
C'mon laugh at us, it was all just for a beat
