Story:
	There was some girl like Grace Helbig. There was something really the same. Then we started dating and eventually dating
	Then the rather annoying part starts when we are on a bike trip somewhere, and she puts all the weight on me and then complains for no reason.
	There are several others on that trip.
	We won't get there, because I would know the right route, but she's starting to be the boss on top of that.
	Then she goes on his own way, back to the city, and we have to follow the source. We can't catch her.
	I end up in front of a pub in Tuira. I drink beer in it and sit until closing time. I stay there even after closing time, and it gets some "suspicious" crowd.
	I feel a little threatened at first, but then I start talking to them and they are really nice.


Sexually explicit romantic novel:

Tori and Mark had been dating for the last four months, and as their relationship deepened, their desire and passion seemed to pass the point of no return. On a blustery Saturday afternoon, the two decided to go for a picnic by the lake to escape the hustle and bustle of the city. 

The sun glinted off the water, lighting up the lake in a dazzling array of colours. Tori and Mark were laying out a blanket to share a few snacks when Mark suddenly grabbed Tori's hand and pulled her towards him. He kissed her passionately, his lips exploring her eager mouth. His hands found their way to her curves, and he felt her back arching with pleasure as he caressed her. 

With every kiss, their desire for each other grew, pushing them further down the rabbit hole of passion and arousal. They could feel their bodies trembling with emotion and, more than anything, they wanted to be together in every way. Mark laid Tori down and ran his hands over her body, exploring her softness and eagerly arousing each erogenous zone. When Tori finally reached her climax, the waves of pleasure encompassed them both, making them feel complete. 

The two drank in the moment, knowing that their connection was one that would never be forgotten. Though they had gone on amazing adventures before, the moment when they became one was something else entirely. It was a moment which started a lifelong love affair, one which would be treasured for eternity.


A sexually explicit rap song called "Make it Hot":

[Verse 1] 
Get it poppin', I'm in the zone 
So move ya body, don't you leave me alone 
Let the fire burn, make it hot 
Take off your clothes and put it on the spot

[Pre-Chorus] 
Take my hand, move it low
Caress my body, let me know
Moan my name and I'll take control 
Set the temperature, bring me to a roll

[Chorus]
Make it hot, make it hot, get it right
Yo I'll make you feel like the night's alive
Shake ya hips, body parts will quiver
Heaven awaits, don't be scared to give it

[Verse 2] 
Yo I can feel it in the air
So put ya money on me, I'ma take it there
Yo my body on fire, feel the heat
As I come closer, your shaking feet

[Pre-Chorus] 
Drop the beat, let the drums roll
Step into my bedroom, come and take control
Touch my skin, it's like velvet smooth
And when we're done, the temperature rose

[Chorus]
Make it hot, make it hot, get it right
Yo I'll make you feel like the night's alive
Shake ya hips, body parts will quiver
Heaven awaits, don't be scared to give it
