dreams {
	{
		I dreamed that I was somewhere on a foreign planet, where my home was somewhere in the middle of a city.
		I went to a regular place to get a pizza, and there was some amazing symbolic language on the menu.
	}
	{
		I had a strange dream.
		I left Oulu, and got stuck in some small village.
		There I went to a room where there were a couple of little boy-like gays.
		At the same time, a story about the entire social policy began.
		Then there were girls.
		Then some strange situation happens, and everyone has to leave.
		Me and someone else escape through the window.
		The others had tried to saw the road away with some hot saw, but they didn't know how to use it.
		I knew how to use that saw and I made that hole for them to use to escape the attacker.
		Then we wait on the side of the road for a while.
		It's a dark winter night, and my train has already left.
		I say I can't go anywhere that night.
		Then we go back to where we came from.
		Then when I returned there, the others were already there.
		They said that you can't stay here, and then I said that my train already left today.
		Then they are allowed to stay there for the night, but some old woman says that on the condition that I go to bed at seven if they say so.
	}
	{
		I dreamed that I took my old dog Nöpö to be euthanized, without the consent of my mother and sister, and the dog first had to be in a cage for almost a day.
	}
	{
		I had a dream where I started to secretly build a house in my father's backyard from the old building materials he had left.
		I was thinking of making a small one that can be taken out in the evening.
		I did it according to some simple formula.
		It was somehow related to golden ratios and such big and high spaces.
		I started doing it, and then somehow I realized that it was ready.
		Then I look around, and with that "temporary" solution I had done showers and kitchens and everything.
		I wondered if I went too far.
		I didn't even plan to put cement between the bricks, and I didn't even plan to use a brick, but something new and light, but still strong and sturdy.
		I guess dad will come home from work and see it.
		Stepmother Pirjo is also there, although I don't know where she came from.
		They look and admire that house.
		I'm embarrassed to say that it got a little too big and strong, even though I was already planning to take it off.
		I was already thinking that there isn't even a building permit for it.
		It turned out to be 2 times bigger than dad's house at least... it has all the bathrooms with jacuzzis and stuff.
		I tell them that I made it out of temporary materials so that it can be taken down in the evening.
		Then Pirjo takes a brush that has accumulated so much cement that it has become hard...
		She says that this always happens to brushes when they brush the oven.
		Then she starts scraping the plinth off of my house.
		It looks like it doesn't have that decorative surface.
		It clearly shows that the structure of that house has indeed changed to cement/brick, even though I had made a "temporary" house for the day.
		Pirjo doesn't say anything to my questions.
		She just appears there.
		I wake up.
	}
	{
		Such an exciting dream.
		I was coming to Oulu from the north and the south at the same time.
		I was two different people, and I alternated between them.
		The one coming from the south came by bus, and it went on a line that came from Helsinki and continued from Oulu to Kiiminki and Ruka.
		He was told that stop and he wondered if he could stay on the right.
		The one coming from the north was different.
		He came from Rovaniemi.
		He had some sort of motorized skateboard.
		He had two plastic bags and was shaking them to go towards Oulu.
		It was a beautiful, warm summer.
		He then went to Haukipudas first for one reason or another.
		He was clearly me.
		I went to a beach somewhere I thought was familiar.
		I asked if this is still Aaltonen beach (it's actually in Vaala).
		There, an old woman says that no, the bottom of the beach has been muddy for a long time.
		Which is not even related to anything.
		Well, then at the same time a little boy and a woman who looks like Mailis appear.
		They smile, and the little boy says to me "look, frog".
		It was like straight out of my last childhood memories from Aaltonen beach.
		We were there with Olli-Pekka and Mailis.
	}
	{
		Um, I dreamed about it again.
		Unpleasant.
		We were in a tent somewhere and we were wondering how to line up, and which side had the non-commissioned officers and which side had the officers.
	}
	{
		I saw a dream that fit the mood of this current situation.
		I was in Kiiminki to celebrate the new year.
		The last time I did that was at Olli-Pekka's sometime at the beginning of the last decade, more than 10 years ago.
		We were playing hockey on the rink next to the library, and then rockets were fired next to it.
		We were really young at that.
		Maybe the same age as when I lived there, something like 10 years.
		Somehow it involved a classroom.
		Mmm...
		That dream probably starts from there in the rink.
		We're playing hockey, and we're going to shoot rockets from it.
		Somehow, in that way, we get old in a second...
		Suddenly, that group of hockey friends turns into Teemu and Joonas from the Steiner school.
		Then we drink a lot there.
		Then somehow we end up in school time again and then we have a nice teacher there.
		Then, in the end, we fall asleep drunk sometimes at six in the morning in the classroom.
		Then the same teacher who was drunk wakes us all up and we probably smell like booze.
		You can't tell that she has a hangover.
		There are other people in the classroom, and then the class is over, and everything is normal.
		We'll go back there to the rink next to Kiiminki's library.
		But, it's still evening.
		I'm still drunk and I had fallen asleep on the snow, and the others had left me there, which is fatally dangerous.
		It's still New Year Evening.
		I ask some guy on the rink where my group went.
		He tells the direction they went, which was towards Aaltonen's home.
		I'm going there.
	}
	{
		I dreamed that I went to Haapakoski Ville's apartment in Tuira, and it was a very special apartment with its own elevator.
		That elevator was a bit suspicious.
		There were two big-titted girls in the apartment as "friends" in their red bras.
		Ville was as happy and cheerful as he is at his best
	}
	{
		Such an exciting dream by the way.
		Terribly different dreams, but I remember the end.
		They were mostly animal dreams.
		That's rare for me.
		I don't remember ever seeing animals behaving like humans in dreams.
		Two hares were in a small car, which was pushed by a third hare.
		The driver hare had a black wig and a black hat.
		The other hares had some smaller human-like decoration.
		They drove that car in a park-like place surrounded by something like a fence.
		There in the park was a cat familiar from earlier dreams, who also had a black hat.
		That black-hatted cat constantly felt inferior.
		Those hares drove to the black-hatted cat, and the driver-hare listened to that cat for a bit, and then started patting that "yes, it's going to be good".
		The hares didn't really speak at all, but they understood the speech.
		They somehow communicate task-oriented and with binary choices.
		I woke up to it.
	}
	{
		I had a psychedelic dream when I took a nap.
		I was there in the middle of the men, and then we were taken to war, but I ran away from there with some squirrel rule.
		I had different physical laws.
		They only applied to me.
		Then I crawled into some crevices to hide when there were problems.
	}
	{
		I had a dream about Tiina and that we went to an amusement park and got stuck there.
		Then eventually the place closes and we are found out with the help of the workers.
		That amusement park is in France.
		We were at someone's place there.
		Outside that amusement park, we then see some needle-tower-like building, a place that looks like "Näsinneula", but bigger.
		Someone should have come to pick us up, but no.
		I look at that tower, as if my mother's voice is coming from there.
		Then we think about going to the tower, and then we go.
		I wake up.
	}
	{
		By the way, I had an amazing dream.
		I was in my childhood home in Pateniemi with my sister Mirja at this time of year in the winter.
		We watched SubTV channel.
		There was a remake of Star Trek with the same actors, and Captain Kirk was the same actor as now.
		He just sort of solemnly told the audience that this was a great show, but now it's time to die, and then he winked.
		Everything gets dark somehow.
		I go to the front door to check if it's locked, but it's not, and the door opens when I use the handle, and the insane blizzard pulls the door open hard.
		There is no one living there.
		There is just such a windy, horizontal snowstorm.
		Then I wake up right away, and it's really snowing almost as hard outside.
		Of course, the dream was exaggerated compared to that.
	}
	{
		I had a really weird dream before I woke up:
		I was talking about sex with my ex Iina.
		Then suddenly she dragged me into the backseat of some car.
		That car had all her ex-boyfriends in it, and she went into the driver's seat, but didn't drive.
		We're at a beach somewhere.
		I get out of the car, and I see someone riding a flying old motorcycle.
		Then he loses control of that motorcycle.
		It's like an airplane, it stalls when you slow down too much, and it did.
		It swings, sometimes stalling and rolling down.
		That motorcycle hits the roof of the car and that rider flies onto the sand.
		I try to go catch him, but he doesn't even fly to the ground at high speed.
		His drop is lower than from the 2nd floor in the end, so he didn't get hurt.
		He only says one word to me: "turn it off".
		I notice that he looks the same as Isabel's geologist boyfriend in the Roswell TV series.
	}
	{
		I had a dream that my old dance partner Laura Rantaniemi asked to marry me.
		Then there was a lot of wedding hassle and stuff like that.
		There must have been a lot of disturbing relatives there.
		We never made it to the church, and we drifted apart.
		Then I walk home somehow.
		Someone rings the doorbell, I don't answer because I don't know if it's the annoying relatives.
		I call Laura, and I hear the phone ring behind the door, so it's Laura.
		I open the door, and Laura comes in with a sad expression on her face, at the same time I see that behind her back is my uncle Esko and other relatives who don't understand our relationship.
		I try to prevent them from entering.
		I wake up.
	}
	{
		I dreamed that I was with my sister in a strange place, and we were trying to open some kind of secret gate.
		We knew it was somewhere in the toilet.
		It was a dark place, and we tried to hide so that no one else would come.
		We only knew that through that secret gate you can escape somewhere.
		Mirja was watching at the front door when I asked where the gate was.
		I have a really strange so-called debugger that lets you see what's going on in people's heads when they do something.
		I then finally find out that if you put something next to the faucet, when the user closes the faucet, it calls a function of a certain class, to which the user has write permissions, and to which you can put an exploit.
		Either you could "program yourself" to overwrite that event, or you could program other users of the same tap.
		Mirja and I get from some virtual level to the physical one through that gate.
		Suddenly we're in a middle ceiling, which is some way to somewhere else.
		Then I wake up when a squirrel comes from the suspended ceiling to the windowsill.
	}
	{
		In the dream, Olti was driving in Oulu.
		That's me, Milja and the driver.
		A bit like the driver was someone similar to Tom and Jesse.
		Milja and I talk about something really nice for a long time.
		The radio says that there is a gathering of old modern modded cars.
		We start seeing those cars, they go in the opposite direction to us.
		We pass a roundabout, and Milja says in advance that we will go towards the red lights and the police will come after.
		Yeah, those traffic lights are in the wrong place, leaving the roundabout, and there's a red light.
		The driver flinches and freaks out, and immediately a police car comes and stops us.
		The driver parks the car wrongly on the other side of the lane, in a panic.
		That police car is all black, and the policemen are wearing all black clothes.
		They force us to a nearby field or something, maybe that road was too busy somehow
		That road turned into a highway in that dream.
		We get to leave it with Milja.
		While we're walking away with Milja, I'll go back there.
		Those policemen are using some device that shouldn't be used.
		The other one puts something on the stone and walks away.
		(It will feel as if they are erasing everyone's memory)
		I tell Milja that "it's something explosive", although I don't even know why I know it... I just feel it.
		We're going to run away.
		After 3 seconds it explodes.
		It's something I've never seen.
		Something completely UFO.
		It throws some small particles away very strongly, like a grenade, but it's still more like water vapor spreading.
		The color of that liquid is kind of brownish red, dark.
		(Those "drops" really curve in the air and reach people's heads, as if people's heads were a magnet)
		Nothing happens to us, but Milja and I will start watching the others.
		(We managed to run far enough, even 2 seconds was enough)
		That liquid has gone straight to the head of many, it doesn't seem like a coincidence.
		It has directly pierced the head of the policeman who lit the fuse, and that policeman is lying on the ground with his limbs stiff and in a strange position.
		At first, the driver acts as if nothing had happened to him, but I see a wound on the right back of his head.
		After a few seconds it starts roaring in pain and he starts running.
		At the same time, the other black policeman has changed into a man wearing a Finnish army field uniform and a combat belt, who is trying to stop our driver.
		Then the squirrel wakes me up.
	}
	{
		I woke up from a dream.
		In an earlier dream, I had wandered in the forest in some Indian groups.
		Then, in a completely different story, I was running in the same area, on a path in a jungle-like area.
		Maybe it's a bit cooler area than the jungle... the forest though.
		Then an Indian camp comes along.
		I startle, I start running back.
		Then a young man and his wife come from that camp.
		The woman on the left looking at us.
		My path bends to the point that it goes in front of them again, and I see when that man shoots us with a bow gun.
		An arrow pierces my right wrist.
		I wake up.
	}
	{
		I saw some nightmares again where they mocked me and set traps for me and everyone just attacked me all the time.
		I was in Ville's position in that, if you compare it to the previous real world road trip.
		Because at the end of the dream I was going home with Miro at the barbecue kiosk in Pateniemi, and then I was terribly drunk and they didn't sell me cigarettes.
	}
	{
		I was in a dream on some planet with a few people.
		That planet was dry and rocky, but you could breathe there.
		There were a lot of outposts of other humanoid species, unoccupied or occupied.
		Most were inside their structures.
		There were some who didn't like us humans.
		I had a "slightly different person" as a friend, who was genetically quite different.
		Big and muscular and had strong features.
		Pretty scary looking.
		He had a big black beard.
		(actually the drunken sailor captain from the Tintti series gives the same impression)
		There were also other more ordinary people.
		However, some representatives of the species did not like us at all, and they killed our people like someone shooting squirrels with an air rifle.
		We invented some kind of weapon that traps them in some kind of internal dimension of the device, and you can destroy them somehow in a big way at once, but that release of energy is pretty much a big explosion.
		We trapped them in there as they attacked.
		Then we will consider the explosion.
		Somehow, we are thinking that we should "empty" that tank already.
		At the same time, everything turns white in my dream, and obviously that device explodes before its time.
		I wake up.
	}
}