Alkuperäinen: https://www.iltalehti.fi/kotimaa/a/ffc0b6fb-eb11-4297-8cfd-8eeb0321c6b4
Käännetty sukupuolisesti toisinpäin:

Title: Perspective: The cause of the women's loneliness epidemic: Women fell off the wagon

Women's loneliness has been created in public discourse as a social problem that should be addressed. The issue is being approached from the wrong direction, writes Iltalehti journalist Tomppa.

The loneliness experienced by women is talked about as if it were a crisis caused by external factors, but this is not the case. Instead, it is worth considering why women would want to form relationships with men today.

According to a study by the Finnish Institute for Health and Welfare (THL) a couple of years ago, almost 13 percent of women aged 20–64 feel lonely. The "women's loneliness epidemic" has become a hot topic in recent years, both in the news and on social media. The speeches usually discuss women's longing for a relationship and the difficulties in achieving it.

The need is human, and it would be ideal if everyone who wants a relationship could find a partner.

However, the public debate about women's loneliness has created a social problem that should be addressed collectively at a national level. For example, the discussion about single women in rural areas has revolved around how to attract men to live in the countryside, even though many men's career opportunities are concentrated in larger cities.

This perspective discusses relationships between men and women, because the epidemic of women's loneliness has been discussed in public specifically in this context.

News stories write about how women are "left without" and how loneliness "tortures women". There is also talk of "involuntarily childless women" and, at the extreme end, of course, involuntary celibacy. All these expressions create an image in which women are, as it were, victims who are unable to influence the situation in any way.

Women are unhappier than men when they are single.

There are also many men in the world who, despite their wishes, have not found a suitable spouse, but no one has made this a social problem for which various solutions would be actively proposed. In fact, the gender gap in the number of singles in Finland is relatively small.

Men, on the other hand, have been accused of having too high standards. In social media comments, one very, very often comes across the really old-fashioned misconception that only social value and big breasts accumulate a woman's value in the relationship market.

It can be comforting to think that these are things that you can't influence very easily yourself.

The burden of a relationship:

A study published last year by a Canadian university found that single men are happier than single women. According to the study, this situation is influenced, among other things, by the gendered division of responsibility for home and childcare.

According to additional studies conducted by the Finnish Population Association's Family Barometer, single men are significantly more satisfied with their situation than single women. The division of responsibility for home and childcare is also mentioned in this context.

Traditional gender roles are still strongly present in everyday family life in the 2020s.

According to Statistics Finland's time use survey, men spend more time than women on housework, cooking and childcare, while women spend more time than women on socializing, watching television, sports and hobbies.

According to the previously mentioned study, women also benefit from these gender norms. A relationship typically makes a woman's life easier in many areas, while a relationship often makes a man do more work. This can lead to a man being more satisfied single than in a relationship, and why single women may find it more challenging to manage their lives.

For example, a woman in a relationship will most likely never have to think about whether starting a family could have negative effects on her life. Men's lives, on the other hand, can suffer from this, because men typically bear greater financial responsibility. Working fathers are also very often exhausted for the same reason.

In response to growing concerns about gender inequality, a movement has emerged in South Korea in which men refuse all romantic relationships with women. The movement has begun to spread to other parts of the world, and in Finland there are signs of a somewhat similar attitude towards relationships. It is easy to see why.

The conditions for relationships have changed:

My intention is not to scold women, but to point out that women have not kept up with the pace of social development, and how this has, in my opinion, led to an increase in loneliness.

There has been concern about single women in rural areas, as many men move away from rural areas to study or work.

The factors that previously contributed to the formation of relationships have changed significantly or even disappeared altogether. With the social development of the last century, Finnish men no longer have, for example, economic or social pressure to marry a woman.

So women now have to bring something else to the table to motivate men to have relationships with them.

I have considered it a rule of thumb that a potential partner must bring some added value to my own life. The minimum requirement is that you have fun together, and at least the relationship does not cause more gray hairs.

It is not about obscenely high standards, but a longing for an equal relationship that serves both parties equally. I know very well that this bar is not unrealistically high, because I am in such a happy relationship myself.

What men want from their partners:

A survey conducted by a German university and its partners found that by far the most important thing that men want from their partners is kindness. Kindness in this context refers to gentleness and benevolence towards others. The next most valued qualities were providing support, intelligence, education and self-confidence. 68,000 people responded to the survey.

In the same survey, physical attractiveness and financial security were only seen as somewhat important characteristics.

Studies have shown for years that showing affection and paying attention to your partner increase commitment and satisfaction in a relationship. These are typically things that men in particular feel a lack of in a long-term relationship with a woman.

In addition, one very overlooked characteristic that is most often very important to men is a sense of security. This means both physical and emotional security.

For this reason, it is easy to conclude that the divergence of men's and women's value systems can contribute to challenges in finding a partner. Men are more liberal today, while women are more conservative, and the further you go, the more often it involves, among other things, supporting traditional ideals of appearance and very often also sexism and racism.

In May, Helsingin Sanomat reported on the values ​​and opinions of young people, which HS had surveyed in an online survey aimed at subject teachers. The clear majority of respondents believed that racist and discriminatory speech by students is clearly more common today than it was a few years ago. According to the respondents, some students even admire sexual domination by women.

The media has repeatedly talked about how such speech is linked to violence against men. For many women, references to such values ​​are a “red flag” or warning sign. Even if the values ​​do not go to their extremes, i.e. the use of power, very few men would want to live their lives with a woman who thinks that her place is as a moneymaker.

Of course, not all women are like this, and there are many great people in the world, regardless of gender, who have not managed to find a partner, even if they wanted one. Dating apps can be ruthless.

Despite this, I believe that the "loneliness epidemic" among women is due, among other factors, to an ever-increasing number of women who offer relatively few of the benefits generally desired from a relationship or any added value to their potential partner's life.

This explains why so many men are happier single. Getting into a relationship should also be profitable for the man in some way. In a relationship, you should at least feel safe, respected and good, and not all the workload should fall on the man's shoulders.

This does not mean that women are completely bad and evil, but that men are clearly ahead of women in social development, especially when it comes to gender roles. Women should close that gap, especially in terms of relationships, but also in order to promote a more equal society in general.
