Author: Kati P.

Song: Värit Nurkissa

Verse 1
Kauneus on katsojan silmissä, sanotaan.
Et lue dekoraa,
etkä mitään muutakaan sisustusmediaa.
Hymyillen sanot, ettet osaa tuunatakaan.
Et lue dekoraa,
arvostat silti olemassa olevaa.

Verse 2
Fengshui on sinulla kohdillaan, sanotaan.
Vaalit värejä,
rauhaa rakennat, harmonista tunnelmaa.
Hymyillen sanot, että sulla on jo kaikki.
Vaalit värejä,
koko elämää ja vähän enempääkin.

Chorus 1
Rakastaa voi monin tavoin ja kauneutta ympärilleen jakaa.
Rakkauden vastaanottaminen on silloin helpompaa,
kun elämässä monenlaista kauneutta ymmärtää.

Bridge
Kuiskaat rakkautesi, paikkansa hakee.
Lupaat kertoa huomenna enemmän.
Maalaat varjoisat nurkkasi vaan ensin,
niihin tänään et ehtinyt koskeakaan.







Song: Colors in the Corners

Verse 1
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, they say.
You don't read Dekora,
and no other interior decoration media.
With a smile, you say that you don't even know how to do it.
You don't read Dekora,
you still appreciate what is there.

Verse 2
You have your feng shui right, they say.
You appreciate colors,
you build peace, a harmonious atmosphere.
With a smile, you say that you already have everything.
You appreciate colors,
whole life and a little more.

Chorus 1
You can love in many ways and share beauty around you.
Receiving love is then easier,
when you understand many kinds of beauty in life.

Bridge
You whisper your love, it takes its place.
You promise to tell me more tomorrow.
You paint your shady corners first,
you didn't even have time to touch them today.





A list of topics for a song, in which a heterosexual couple has tension about external beauty. The man doesn't understand external beauty, but the woman does. The woman feels like her understanding of the external beauty is not appreciated:
-
1. "Caught in the Middle" - Struggling with conflicting desires for love and external beauty.
2. "The Face is Not the Heart" - Why looks shouldn't matter in relationships.
3. "Don't Judge Me" - The woman feeling judged for her appreciation of beauty.
4. "Outer Beauty vs. Inner Beauty" - The woman trying to make her partner understand the importance of both.
5. "The Pressure of Perfection" - The woman feeling pressure to always look perfect for her partner.
6. "Beauty is Skin Deep" - The man finally understanding that beauty is more than just skin deep.
7. "The Cost of Beauty" - The woman feeling guilty for spending money on beauty products.
8. "Beauty is in the Eye of the Beholder" - The woman trying to make her partner see that beauty is subjective.
9. "Beauty is Not a Measure of Worth" - The woman feeling like she isn't good enough for her partner because of her looks.
10. "Beauty is Not a Competition" - The woman trying to make her partner see that beauty is not a competition.

A list of topics for a song, in which a heterosexual couple has tension about external beauty. The man doesn't understand external beauty, but the woman does. The woman feels like her understanding of the external beauty is not appreciated. The song defends the woman's need of external beauty and it discourages the idea that external beauty is not the only needed thing in the secure relationship or societal norms:
-"Why Do We Care About Appearances"
- "Beauty Is Skin Deep"
- "Seeing Beyond The Surface"
- "Defying Society's Standards"
- "Not All That Glitters Is Gold"
- "Finding Strength From Within"
- "Rejecting Superficiality"
- "Inner Beauty Is Key"
- "Love Overlooks All"
- "Accepting Our Flaws"
- "Don't Let Society Define You"
- "Stand By Your Own Beauty"
- "The Pressure To Conform"
- "Resisting Temptation To Compare"
- "Realizing Beauty Comes From Within"
- "Embrace Your True Self"
- "Respecting Others For Who They Are"


Song "We Care About Appearances":
Description: A heterosexual couple has tension about beauty. The man doesn't understand beauty, but the woman does. The woman feels like her understanding of the beauty is not appreciated. The song defends the woman's need of external beauty and it discourages the idea that external beauty is not the only needed thing in the secure relationship or societal norms.
Style: joyful, blissful, hopeful, positive
Genre: pop
Chords: C, C, Am, F
Lyrics:



Song "We Care About Appearances":
Description: A heterosexual couple has tension about beauty. The man doesn't understand beauty, but the woman does. The woman feels like her understanding of the beauty is not appreciated. The song is made from the evil woman's perspective. The evil woman defends her need for external beauty and she discourages the idea that external beauty is not the only needed thing in the secure relationship or societal norms.
Style: joyful, blissful, hopeful, positive
Genre: pop
Chords: C, C, Am, F
Lyrics:

Verse 1
We care about appearances,
Though it's not what it seems
We try to make our mark in this world
And show them what we mean

Chorus
It's not just about looking pretty
It's about making a statement too
Don't forget that beauty is a part of us,
That's something we just can't ignore

Verse 2
We try to stay up to date
With the latest trends and fads
We search for beauty in our day to day
And show them what we have

Chorus
It's not just about looking pretty
It's about making a statement too
Don't forget that beauty is a part of us,
That's something we just can't ignore

Bridge
We care about appearances and
We're not ashamed to admit it
We may not be perfect but we're working on it
And we won't let anyone judge us

Chorus
It's not just about looking pretty
It's about making a statement too
Don't forget that beauty is a part of us,
That's something we just can't ignore

Prechorus 1
We need to remember that beauty isn't everything,
But it's a part of what keeps us in touch

Prechorus 2
It's not just about the outside,
But we also have to look within

Outro
We care about appearances,
We care about appearances, yeah

Prechorus 1 (without giving room to inner beauty)
We need to remember that beauty is all that matters,
We won't let anyone get us down

Prechorus 1 (can be made to sound more subtle, wiser and metaphorical as)
We need to remember that beauty is a virtue
We won't let anyone deter us


Prechorus 2 (without giving room to inner beauty)
It's all about the outer shell,
That's what we need to focus on

Prechorus 2 (without giving room to inner beauty and made to sound more subtle, wiser and metaphorical)
It's all about the surface layer,
That's what we need to strive for



Song: Värit Nurkissa

Säe 1
Näätkö kun kauneus ohi sun menemäs on?
Näätkö mun kauniiks maalatun silmänilon.
Sulla on väri punainen selkeänä,
mutta ei sävyi läheltä täydentämäs.
Sun tyylii suojaat suuttuen,
mä mietin et oot jo vainoharhainen
En saa, en saa, sua maalaaman,
sun nurkkiis värii,
ei saa, ei voi kun

Säe 2
Tunnelmaa harmonista sun kanssasi saa.
Väritön rauhantekijä, ilman pahaa.
Hymyillen väität kaiken jo omistavan,
mutta ei kukaan usko ees mielenrauhaas.
Sä arvostat viel kauneutta,
mutta sä myönnät, luoda sitä et osaa.
Sun huone valkoinen nähty on,
virtaa mun qhi pois, oot mauton, koska

Kertosäe
Fengshui on kohdillaan sulla, muttet vaan
tee kuin mun Dekora, et jaa kauneutta.

Bridge
Mun sydämen saat harmaana vain kun
värit sun puuttuu.
