Play: THE PRINCESS OF THE PIGGERY

SCENE 4: Piggery in the dark

The curtains open and a piggery can be seen on the stage.
Before they go to the piggery, Walter the pig warns the princess!
WALTER
Now lady, hold your nose and ears, because you're about to see the pig party of your life!
SONG 2: playing in the background rap song “if i were you”
Pigs sing in chorus.
PIGS
If I were you, hey babe, babe, babe, I'd drink with me too.
If I were you, I would take you to drink with me.
If I were you, I would eat everyone's food.
If I were you, I would never wash again.
The song continues and the pigs are jumping and bouncing on tables and chairs and snoring right behind the shoulder!

After watching the hustle and bustle for a while, Walter the pig decides to correct his companions a little.

WALTER
Boys boys, the pig king came to the place, so show some respect, eh!
PIGS
They shout in chorus.
Come on, hey don’t be dull, get the party going!
Hey, if I were you, I'd drink with me too.
If I were you, I'd take you to drink with me!
WALTER
Really, there's a fine lady here.
Guys, now show some manners!
PIGS
Whistling in a group
Wow, what a woman.
May I touch?
They start harassing Daria.

MIKE THE PIG
What’s up girl?
Pretty nice, pretty nice!
THE TWINS
Do you come here often?
After watching the action for a while, Walter gets totally mad and he screams loudly!
WALTER
Boys, can't you at least once in your life try to behave properly,
and whoever has those glasses, raise your hand!
MIKE THE PIG
Oh, these huh?
Mike throws glasses at the twins, who throw glasses around,
until they fall to the ground and one of the pigs accidentally steps on them!
Now Daria has had enough and bursts into tears again.
WALTER
Guys, what did you do?
Shame on you!
Now you apologize to Daria, or else this will be the last time you'll ever have a party again!
Everyone takes turns to apologize to Daria, and gradually Daria settles down.
THE TWINS
Hey girl, I mean, hey miss!
We are going to the market this weekend and they sell glasses there,
so we'll get you new ones for sure, don’t worry!
WALTER
But what do you guys think about it if we presented the lady with our own pig show?

The pigs sing the "pig" song both in chorus and individually in a cabaret style!
SONG 3: Juice Leskinen's Sika song made as rap version.




Narrator appears on stage.
NARRATOR
Soon the pigs get Daria to join them in the party and the evening becomes a merry one.
At the end of the evening, Daria falls asleep on the couch and the pigs fall asleep on the ground around Daria.
At night, the pigs wake up. They decide to give Daria her sight back out of gratitude.
Together they say:
PIGS
Abracadabra,
rabadacabra,
Cadarabraba!!
The curtains close
15 min Intermission




Summary of the scene 4:
In the piggery, Walter warns the princess about the pig party and the pigs start to jump and dance around. They also start to harass her but Walter scolds them and they apologize. They agree to organize their own pig show to entertain the princess and eventually make her sight come back to her. At the end, all the pigs together say a special rhyme and the princess gets her sight back. The curtains close and an intermission follows.

Short description for the cover image for the scene 4:
The cover image for this scene could show an image of a crowd of pigs singing and dancing around a princess who is laying down in the center while they chant a special rhyme.
