notes {
	{
		my canoe can cross this sea
		but I missed home already a week ago
		I am free and fly like a bird
		if you don't consider this damn water under me

		my meal is delicious
		after all, I drank three beers
		what's up, you've changed
		everything is fine in here
	}
	{
		Call and Sing I can hear your voice
		the song of the birds and the grasshoppers
		chord triad and last measure
		played my guitar and broke the amp

		where were you when we last saw each other
		what is written in the stars
		my tongue went into a knot when I corked the beer
		and this is not embarrassing in light of the future
		to clarify, my world is in your words

		morning coffee is delicious at sunrise
		the most demanding work maybe before lunch
		I don't want pain on my deathbed
	}
	{
		problem solving needs a problem
		the situation should become certain
		change requires work
		are there any tools?
		The problem is: What tools do we need?
		Enough power, technology and practicality
		Wrong tool, the biggest problem.
		The tools are attractive to use.
		Sometimes a wooden plank is more useful as a chopping board than as firewood.
		Sometimes a diamond is more profitable in a drill bit than as a status symbol and "crow decoy".
	}
	{
		It's for the video blog
		It's in the voice
		power and technology
		practicality arises when writing a manuscript
		is in the picture
		technology and practicality
		but no power
		the motive for producing is found in the joy of doing
		but there is no motive for publishing, which affects the content of the manuscript, i.e. the practicality of the end result
		the image can be made more effective by cutting and using simple effects
		however, the biggest efficiency effect comes from the host, who should dress correctly
		which clothes would you choose yourself?
		if you were the furthest away from "yourself" when you were naked, what clothes would you wear then?
	}
	{
		I've been listening to a lot of music about fire.
		Well, I decided that once all the songs are on fire, I won't make one either.
		I made the words and thought about the title for the song. At first I was going to name this song "light my cigarette, babe", but then I came to my senses, and I realized that the whole point of this thing is that the title must have the word came, so the name of the song then became:
		"Light my cigarette (on fire), babe"
		(pours Zippo gasoline on himself)
		(lights a match)
		Light my cigarette, babe
		I broke my zippo and I'm wet from gas
		i need your fire, baby
		but be careful, girl, I might flare up
		why are you staring at me babe
		so now you dig that match
		you have a crazy glint in your eyes
		if the flame touches the gasoline
		babe, I might freak out
		You can't do that
		The girls want to burn me at the stake, I want to smoke a cigarette and not die
		I messed up the words again in the wee hours, I can only touch the cancer wrap with my lips
		I'm something but not crazy and not a king
		this is about when I went home through the grill
		Had to run away, babe
		pyromaniacs are scary, I'll die wet from gasoline
		I can't get a cigarette, babe
		must have, someone will give
		Would you give me fire?
		Would you give me ... fire?
		French fries, hamburger and coke
		and you don't have that snuff to sell? Oh no, you can't help it
	}
	{
		God: Host, hear me.
		Who's talking what?
		God: It's me, God.
		Wait, oh God.
		God: I came to tell you that you are one of my best jokes.
		Okay... thanks.
		God: Show me those scars.
		Er, what scars?
		God: I said, show me those scars!
		*pim* red visible scars appear on the forehead.
		what the f? why did you do that oh it's just masking tape.
		I was hit in the head with a bottle and got a lightning bolt scar.
		in the same way as, I won't even say who.
	}
	{
		I have a problem
		in which I can't get out of my head
		that one song where everything was told

		When the ice falls and the sky tears apart
		when the world is over
		you still can't take my soul away
		even if you were true

		you sink into the lake and your mind wanders
		the moisture burns my skin
		does the world shut down when i close my eyes
		or is it just me
	}
	{
		In the beginning you walk towards your destination. You're walking somewhere at sunset direction.
		Route is blocked by mountains and gorges. You will pass the mountains, because it would be quite foolish to climb up and come back down. Especially when the destination is waiting.
		Sometimes you encounter a ravine, and you must get the other side.
		You descend the ravine slopes, and you look at the other side looking for a route there.
		Sooner or later, you step wrong and you hit the bottom of the gorge.
		Fall does not hurt, because the walls are soft as pillows. And from the bottom you will find all the things you've always dreamed of.
		Even if you're trying to get away and climb up the slope, you will fall down.
		Eventually you will no longer try to escape, and you accept things as they are.
		<3
	}
	{
		Don't give me anything, I want your anger
		I already have my testicles ripped out of my soul
		don't give me a reason to cry and hug a man in public
		I want to be a weak troll who screams ugly

		I recognize mine from the starry sky
		the mirror image resembles my idol
		if you get into this rhythm
		love doesn't remain just a dream
	}
	{
		social media fills my time
		although I don't like those messages either
		and that's not really my boyfriend

		that also just reminds me of how I embarrassed myself back then
		and it's not my boyfriend, it's annoying on purpose

		there are about two hundred of them
		they will listen, maybe, when I open up again
		don't put an invite in the farm game, I don't want to
		wasting my time more on this, which I'm doing even now
		so I'm waiting for new status updates.

		Social media calls to you like a siren's song
		there is strength in the crowd, they say, and each of them wants to take me with them
		relationships start and end, everything is visible, I know where you live.
		and I'm not really your boyfriend, I'm still talking shit behind your back

		there are about two hundred of them
		they will listen, maybe, when I open up again
		don't put an invitation, in the farm game, I don't want to
		wasting my time more on this, which I'm doing even now
		status updates are pouring in
		family, friends and others listen to my words
		is this pointless and that's why it's so interesting
	}
	{
		There are people who imagine themselves to be livestock. They believe that the police use their supercomputers to keep an eye on every person, they believe in encrypted technology for teleportation, for governments to communicate with extraterrestrial life.
		There are also people who move this world to card and board games, and improve the world one card at a time.
	}
}
