notes {
	dont take nothing back {
		dont take nothing fucking back
		you deserve it 
		to be who you really are
		you deserve it
		just relax
		there's nothing bad coming behind us
	}
	finnish fucking red {
		at least not crap worth reading
		Finnish teenagers are the world's best-selling topic
		army and wives and boredom and bands and everything you have to know, damn it.
		nothing is canceled and never regretted!
	}
	about Sana {
		you want to hurt me
		I am silenced by violence, by poison
		I don't think you'll be lucky then
		while teaching his own master to piss

		I have a thousand tricks
		for every hundred acts, a thousand wins
		and not everything can be revealed
		must be given the opportunity to try

		a spoiled and delusional brat
		don't know about the symptoms: dog pick up rotten bone!
		I went to the bottom, cut my braid and went to work
		but there are no further instructions

		I know how to go on
		I have fooled you so many times that I can do it for fun
		I copied your pain, and I won't die
		I'll take your place, I'll take your place
	}
	May Morning {
		I'd better go home now
		so cold is the morning of May
		drunk like that, you're too horrible
		don't be afraid, the devil himself won't take advantage of you
	}
	{
		I'll put a bag on your head the next time I fuck you
		I seek satisfaction that way
		there is no flow in these rhymes at all
		when the microphone is not first on the lips
	}
	this house can fit many of us {
		psst
		I would like to tell a story
		once the sun rose in my closet
		beautiful as a spring morning,
		summer flower, snow in the yard
		I'm not isolated, I've isolated myself
		hope it doesn't smell
		even the parents guessed it
		everyone knows the neighbor
		before I was paranoid, I still managed the crop
		and I smoked
		it's not me against the world
		I work alone and in secret
		tears blood sweats
		until the end, I swear this is fireproof
		I can see the bloom in my eyes
		this is for those who walk with their feet on the ground and their heads in the clouds
		I admit this is a bad joke
		but who and where am i?
		the cat and mouse game ends here
		I stayed to eat cheese snacks
		I'm not flexible, I don't do gymnastics
		I don't know what the colors are
		although I have never seen Rudi
		dog with two sharp corners, good job
		others get angry when he says seriously
	}
	A guy named Make {
		Once upon a time there was a Make
		Make was from a rich family. He always had everything he wanted. He actually had more of what he wanted. From an early age she had had the finest clothes. And Make wasn't a flashy guy, he wouldn't have wanted so much attention.
		Make's father was a big business manager, whose company was dissed by many of Make's friends.
		When Make had already completed elementary school and the army, he decided to avenge the injustice that people had done to him.
		He got the most amazing girlfriend, a nice car with his father's money and threw expensive parties for his friends who had been supportive.
		That's all.
	}
	gear-eyed creatures {
		In a land where creatures have gears around their eyes, makeup can be life-threatening.
		They lived like us humans, although it was less cloudy in their country. The fruits of the machinery were enjoyed every second. Life was like a movie for us, they acted quickly and as if telepathically. Everyone read about gears spinning around their own eyes, what is recommended to do. The research didn't really interest anyone, and the few who had studied how even slowing down the speed of the gear wheel affected things had disappeared.
		They knew that the other people they saw were accurate reflections of millions of other political microcircles. Everyone was supposed to stay in the same rhythm so that the film would continue as it was supposed to.
		They didn't care much about their surroundings. It wasn't relevant. From our point of view, they act like the planets move in relation to the sun, and the sun moves in relation to the next larger ball of matter.
		Here the personal stories were not interesting, but it was even more interesting to stare at the eyes of the guy who had decided to become a researcher. As if by mutual agreement, when the researcher's eye wheels turned more slowly, the others increased their speed, and vice versa.
		For this reason, it was impossible for the researcher to return to his previous rhythm. When the community had picked up their pace enough, everyone woke up to find that they were doing the same rhythm again, but this researcher had disappeared.
	}
	this place {
		Time crawls in this place
		nothing changes even if you get old
		the same faces network with each other
		no matter what they say
		far from the same hand is closer to death
		we are still collecting debt
	}
}
dreams {
	{
		I had a strange dream at night.
		I was somewhere in a small village in Lapland, and in its hotel.
		There were guys from Kummel doing skits, or I was in a skit with them.
		However, at the end I was on the roof of that hotel and I watched from there, when from the opposite house, it was a store or something similar, the salesmen were calling the crowd to something like a lottery.
	}
	{
		I had a dream last night that I was in a steel cage prison, and from another steel cage a large group of prisoners pointed at me with red laser lights.
		I glanced at those lasers and turned my head as soon as they did
		pointed me straight in the eye.
		Today, while awake in English class, the English teacher pointed a red laser (for the first time) at the video projector.
	}
}

