notes 2014 {
	{
		I just dreamed that I was in a place where I was assessing the value of the porcelain in that home.
		I saw my old dog there, and it appeared to sleep in the interior of some porcelain, after I had judged that porcelain to be a weird one with some visual mark, and that the porcelain needed cleaning.
		As soon as I see it and we look into each other's eyes with the dog, and the owner of the place says that "yes, they would like to be cleaned already", then my stupid clock starts to alarm.
	}
	{
		I had a dream about a girl in the style of my singer friend Milja.
		Or at least it had a really similar sound and style.
		I was lying on my back on the sofa and it came over me and hugged me.
		He said "I can come into his hole whenever I want" :)
	}
	{
		I had a dream where I was in a helicopter near an aircraft carrier and there were exercises going on.
		Then some trainee opened the helicopter's minigun at the other helicopters.
		I was in some other helicopter.
		Others asked over the radio what to do, and the answer was "Panic".
		I woke up.
	}
	{
		By the way, I had a dream that some teacher terribly doubted the result of my work, spoke to me with a nasty tone of voice...
		Then I gave him some paper that he started reading, and he gets a lot excited about it in a good way.
	}
	{
		I had a dream where I was first in a hovering plane, and we were looking at some island with winding roads, and which was a vacation spot.
		Then we went to the place.
		Mom was actually there.
		It was a summery place.
		Then we went to a summer cottage rented by a father with his children.
		We were somehow crammed in there :P
		We couldn't afford to rent a cottage, but that kind father was encouraging.
	}
	{
		By the way, I had a bad dream last night.
		There was Ville ja Juha from the Vaikeat Ajat band, and they were showing some TV show with a big black fat woman and some stereotypical nerd in a white collared shirt and glasses.
		We were somewhere in a music band's practice room.
	}
	{
		A strange dream.
		It had the character of that one psychedelic picture book.
		At the end of the dream, it was after the class party in the morning.
		Those parties were at my place.
		I started cleaning so that I could collect all the leftovers.
		The others leave and walk away.
		Veera and Katja are the last to leave.
		They put headphones on my head and play some music from my Vaikeat Ajat band.
		It's starting to hurt terribly.
		I wake up
	}
	{
		I had a strange dream again.
		We were skiing at Iso-Syöte, and we were looking for my sister Mirja with our mother, when she was lost.
		It was evening already...
		Found it really sad.
		My sister only had some spherical liquid candies as a snack.
		A bit like plastic balls with sugar water inside.
		My sister had ordered a pizza, or something, but it never arrived because it was sitting on the slope.
		However, when we got there with mom, we were definitely called to the right place or something.
		Then they came there on a snowmobile and brought that pizza.
		Then I started eating Mirja's spherical candies.
		Then we went home.
		We lived in Kiiminki, so we had to have children in that dream.
		There was some confusion in Kiiminki.
		It was already when we were just on our way there.
		Then, at the front door, we turned back, and when we pass the corner of the house, mother sees something, and is horrified, and I wake up.
	}
	{
		Such an exciting dream.
		It continued from yesterday or one of the last nights.
		We were in some strange apartment building, and I asked Ville H and a girl from the lower floors to visit me.
		Then there were also some older relatives coming along as well.
		We took the elevator from one of the lowest floors.
		Ville couldn't fit on board, so he was left hanging on the bottom of the elevator.
		The apartment building was tall, and of a special design.
		There was a half-meter threshold in front of the doors, and no stairwell.
		The elevator got stuck on its own threshold attached to the wall, and then the people inside the elevator had to jump to the door threshold.
		I saw some vertical railings in between.
		When the elevator got quite high, I said that it was about to jump off, and that Ville threw himself on the wall threshold.
		There were apparently several dozen floors.
		That stairwell was dim, painted in warm colors.
		Then we got to the apartment.
		So there was that girl, Ville, my mother's mother and mother's father, and my mother, and maybe my sister.
		We were planning to start drinking some special stuff with that girl.
		It had two components, and we had already drunk that strange intoxicating substance beforehand so that there were 8 parts liquid and 2 parts intoxicating.
		Then grandma gives me some special game controller, it's something similar to the Logitech brand.
		It's sort of a wide console controller with a keyboard in the middle that is also held like a phone.
		Then I wake up.
	}
	{
		I dreamed again last night that I was there in a cool place near Oulu.
		I have been there many times during the year.
		There are always the same details.
		Or it is like Oulu, but maybe not, but something a little more natural and warmer.
		I went there to visit Ville.
		It's different there.
		Then something familiar to Ville came there.
		First a woman came, and then a man came with a couple of whores.
		Those whores went into a room, and then that man came at me and was going to rape me, even though I'm not gay.
		He tries to kiss.
		Then the next thing I notice is that my teeth are broken and I run to the door.
		I'm not sure how that happened.
	}
	{
		I had a dream for a short while.
		I was sitting in the car with Maili Kantola and Karoliina Kantola.
		They showed me some book.
		Karoliina told me something about bears, wolves and snakes.
		It was the same weather outside as it is now, and they brought me here from the center.
		I woke up to two Jehovah's Witness women ringing the doorbell.
		One of them read an excerpt from the book, the same way Karoliina read that book in my dream.
		As if a dream had jumped into reality.
	}
	{
		I dreamed that I was in my childhood friend Olli-Pekka's childhood home and my ex-girlfriend Iina lived there.
		We had a terrible fight, and Iina removed me from her friends.
		That's where we parted.
		I was happy.
	}
	{
		I dreamed that I was talking to Grace Helbig.
		I don't remember everything.
		Grace had received a long list of messages and it hadn't understood them.
		One message was from the post office, and one from someone.
		The postal agency said that the mail had accidentally gone to the wrong address, and in another a woman asked when you would return a "big stuffed pumpkin", which therefore went to the wrong address.
		Grace knew nothing of such a thing, so she let it be.
		However, Grace had somehow contacted us, because I had put some contact information there earlier.
		Grace wanted to send us a big bunch of swag.
		Strangely enough, I already had that package.
		That package contained:
		  - cool blue weird Luhta brand camera bag
		  - a sports shirt with an A4 size picture and some small text on the front
		  - a paper that was full of signatures
		  - some padding with some of her old purchases from ebay, and those purchases had come from Syria (that is, shells from purchases as padding)
	}
	{
		That's an exciting dream.
		I was with my sister and mother somewhere, and some "crisis" had happened.
		Everyone was picking up food from the grocery store for themselves, but all without paying.
		However, it was a different place compared to my hometown.
		It was like an island surrounded by ditches, and all the store's food shelves were just there, and there was no roof, so it was completely in nature.
		However, they were full of stuff, and there was a lot of people picking them up.
		I told my sister and mother that we won't start paying for shopping when others don't either.
		I needed more than I could have afforded, and I don't even know why.
		We then took all the delicious rolls etc. into bags and we left along a side bridge.
		We saw each other when some people were still waiting in line at the checkout.
		In a way, it wasn't this world at all, where there are regular grocery stores.
	}
	{
		By the way, I had a really weird dream.
		I moved a lot outside in it.
		I delivered the affairs of a company.
		It had a completely different world view compared to Finland...
		Maybe I was abroad too.
		Well, however, there was such an image that Finland is the promised land of highly competitive food processors... selling Italian salad, etc.
		And in that picture there was the perception that Finland is an atmosphere of endless power of the forest industry.
		I kept trying to get to free time, but someone kept interrupting me.
		It was a long dream, and many different places, I can't remember anymore...
	}
	{
		I dreamed that my father told me about an event when they were still dating my mother.
		Dad filmed with a video camera.
		He had photographed the sun in the summer, and when there was a rainbow in the air, then that rainbow went around the sun (like if you are in the middle of a water mist).
		Then some strange light came out of the camera's video cassette.
		Next, I was somehow somewhere where the kind of bees that were in that place connected to the video cassette were trying to get under my skin.
		I got them off sometimes but they kept trying.
		Then the dream changed to an interview with some woman with short bangs talking about some dating partner, and then it just said about it somehow that "he just didn't need a mother"...
		...indicating somehow that that woman was not needed.
		Which pissed off the interviewer who wasn't me.
		Finally, I woke up strangely in bed without a blanket.
		I couldn't sleep anymore.
		In that dream, someone also talked about the "consequences of a disastrous night".
	}
	{
		I dreamed of an unpleasant labyrinth, a biology teacher Kati and a Eurythmic teacher.
	}
	{
		I dreamed that I was an adviser in some political organization, and then I had to go with the candidate at some gala when he gave a speech, right there next to the stage.
		It was a really big event.
		I stayed to watch that stage from a similar side room, where there were some girls in party dresses.
		They speak English, and it feels like I'm in the USA as a Finn.
		I told them something...
		They're going to town, they're drinking or something...
		I take a sip of drink from them.
		Then I start looking for the bathroom.
		I'm in a detached house, far from any party atmosphere.
		Then I find a strange toilet.
		There's a weird pot in the middle of the room, insanely big, and then another one on the side.
		My mother calls, asks where I went from the party, and I say that I've been in this room next to the stage, and that I'm now in the bathroom.
		I hang up and suddenly I'm naked on my ass in front of a big puddle, like I'm about to throw up.
		Then I finally start to urinate, when there is another door in the toilet, from which comes a little girl who greets me happily, and starts peeing standing up in the potty in front of me.
		I wake up.
		I wondered what kind of girl pisses standing up, that it couldn't be a girl.
	}
	{
		First I had a dream where I was somewhere like my childhood home in Pateniemi.
		I was alone, I guess, there was a girl who reminded me of my mother, and in a good way.
		It touched my right hand, and just sat on the couch with me.
		Then I slept there too.
		There were others there then.
		I was somehow older.
		There were two dogs that came to me happily.
		I guess I was their host.

		Then the second longer sleep was different.
		I was on some old sailing ship touring the harbors with that Steiner group of friends.
		We had a choir.
		The whole thing was completely self-organized.
		It wasn't anyone's idea, the idea just came up in the group.
		We had problems with that ship.
		It had an engine that had to be used, but we didn't know how.
		Among other things, it got stuck in the harbor and crashed into the beach embankment.
		More and more people joined the choir to sing.
		In the end, it was presented to Hannele's teacher, and she liked it too.
		It asked who was directing this, and then me and the rest of the core group will come out here and there from the choir.
		That ship was special.
		It was big, but the pilot's place was on the rear edge, where there was a small curved pocket, where you leaned against the wall and steered the big rudder.
		There was an engine floor 1-2 floors down from the pilot's place, and we moved between them like monkeys.
		That dream was mainly focused on maintaining and adjusting and messing around with that ship
	}
	{
		I had a good dream.
		It was long, and I only remember the end again.
		I was in a woman's body, hanging out with some orange-haired guy with a strange face, but a happy one.
		That woman laughingly calls me a lesbian, or asks, or something.
		I know that I am who I am, but I have a different body.
		We are in Central Europe by a lake and there are mountains.
		That woman wants me to go into that water.
		I float in it with my face towards the sky.
		Blue sky.
		I feel how the waves hit my face and body.
		She asks how it makes me feel.
		I say I can't feel the water on my feet.
		Then I wake up.
	}
	{
		I dreamed that I was in a doctor's office.
		It studied some samples of us.
		I asked about her vacation, and she said she took it easy with her husband Riku.
	}
	{
		I had a dream last night where I was first in some awkward conversation with some people who joined us, but they didn't really talk to me.
		I was someone else.
		Then, as the same person, I was somewhere near Pukkila, where there was a freely growing meadow, etc.
		I went to a paddock to look at some horses.
		That fence had grown so much that you couldn't really see anywhere.
		A white horse happily comes to us.
		I talk to it, I notice that it is anxious.
		Then I somehow go into the eyes and mind of that horse.
		I can see with its eyes that there are two dead, rotting horses in that paddock.
		Both have been left standing, but they are completely rotting away.
		Another has his head cut off.
		I somehow tell the horse that I will take care of them, and the horse runs back to the invisible bush.
		I don't do anything to them right away, I leave the enclosure.
	}
	{
		Such an exciting dream.
		I was at a Steiner school, and there had been a lot of surveillance and video cameras... :S
		Really sad atmosphere...
		I wandered around there... pretty realistic, same building as the real thing
	}
	{
		Such a strange dream.
		I used to move around a lot in Sheinäpää, and even in that brown apartment building once.
		Then we moved with my sister Mirja and our father by car.
		However, I had my own way of doing it.
		I really only remember the end.
		I ended up in some vague space, where some woman was on top of some psychedelic car computer, where the traditional stairs went on the side.
		She had calculated our thoughts on the computer somehow ready or something, or pretty far at least.
		She was very good looking too.
		Then she got out of the car down the stairs, then she went to the more traditional computer in it, explaining something to me all the while about my own thoughts.
		She presses a button, and a double bed appears out of nowhere, and I realize that she is proposing sex.
		With a half-hearted smile, I say "accepted", and wake up.
	}
	{
		I had a dream about Mari last night.
		It was such a good dream.
		The others didn't want us to date, but then we met.
		I was here in Oulu and I managed a party for a group of students in advance.
		I was organizing them.
		I had to leave during the party because I wasn't a customer, but then I came a little earlier to unload the things, so I ended up drinking with them.
		Then, intoxicated, I fell asleep and the cleaning was left unfinished.
		Then suddenly I'm in the sauna with Mari caressing each other.
		Then I fell asleep in the sauna, and I had to clean the place in a hurry with a terrible hangover, and I was way too late.
		So Mari was my client with whom I fell in love.
	}
	{
		I had a strange dream.
		I was walking along the railways in a small group.
		Then we arrived at an airport.
		It was in the middle of a really dense spruce and pine forest.
		We were going to fly from there on a glider, but there were a lot of delays when the requirements weren't enough.
		I also went to pee in that dream, and I had to go by the track, and it turned out that the area was surrounded by a tight fence, but that the dense forest made it easier immediately after a short distance.
		That forest kind of hid that airport.
		Then the departure took so long that the field became really big and the forest very sparse, and then my mother and sister came there, who wanted to fly too.
		Then I had to fly with my sister.
		We set off, but then the bottom of the glider fails in the air, and apparently my sister falls down.
		I go down, and my mother asks where my sister Mirja is, and I say that she must be in the plane, because somehow I didn't want to accept that my sister dropped in the air.
	}
	{
		Last night I had a dream about the Aaltonen family.
		I played with Olli-Pekka, and then we were at their house, and I saw Mailis as well.
		Mailis was/is working at the University of Oulu.
		Mailis presented some of its cassette players.
		She said it has some kind of encrypted communication.
		It works for the fact that normally you put a cassette in it and it plays it, but then when there is also a "bee" there, it decrypts it.
		Then she opened it, and indeed a little bee flew out.
		In the end, she told me not to let it go, but I think she already let it go.
		It was some kind of brown bee, a bit like a grasshopper, I've never seen one before.
	}
	{
		I had a dream where I was being drafted into the air force from the reserve.
		It was a reserve exercise or something.
		I tried to avoid it again, but I couldn't.
		Everything just kept pushing me to go there.
		I asked everyone for help and everyone just resisted.
		Right away we were going to the forest.
		At the barracks, I had to hastily pile an insanely large backpack there.
		I was quite late when the others were already ready.
		I was about to get nervous.
		It then turned into some sort of military exercise, where a round was taken over and over again.
		Really sad.
		I then gradually woke up.
		I had time to start thinking about something brighter, but those dreams were so awful.
	}
	{
		I had a good dream.
		In the morning, I went to my grandparents Jenni and Eero's home in Heinäpää.
		The whole family was there, waiting for something to start cleaning.
		I took a shower there.
		Then I see Mirja's small ceiling compartment where she has been sleeping.
		I say that I have to take the matrix algebra test.
		They are surprised that I didn't stay long.
		Then I go away to university.
		I go over a shallow creek where I picked up the parts I need for the test, and they're kind of like screw-type parts.
		Then on the opposite bank I see that my men's bike has been broken on purpose.
		I take it to the side and see that a crowd of people is coming there.
		They're young guys, and they're attacking me.
		I dodge them and end up in an exam room-like space with a good sense of community.
	}
	{
		I had a dream where I was at some crazy space party, and there were a lot of familiar and unfamiliar people.
		They were just like some new year beginnings.
	}
	{
		I had a strange dream.
		We moved with a group to a place.
		It was a resort actually.
		We were able to walk along such a beach at our own pace, and there were many restaurants.
		It took a long time.
		We then went to the needle-like tower.
		Up there somehow it hit me that I had to get out.
		There were two elevators and my stuff.
		I put my things in the other elevator and went down.
		I went down myself
		However, night came, and suddenly we were attacked by an unknown group of people.
		We went to hide in a restaurant shack.
		Those who stayed in the yard died.
		Many of the attackers were still sitting on the restaurant's terrace.
		Guys like Teemu/Miro are waiting there in the restaurant shack.
		We are waiting for the right moment to run away.
		Let's get out of that restaurant complex and onto the slope that rises behind the beach.
		We had come to the beach that way in the beginning.
		In the beginning, we were somehow so sure that even though we had gotten the car stuck, we didn't take care of it before.
		Fortunately, that car is light, and we can push it out of such a mess.
		There is also a girl like my sister, there are three of us.
		The sister complains that there is no gas.
		I grab a liter bottle of something flammable.
		I consider shoving it into the tank, and I wake up.
	}
	{
		I had a strange dream last night.
		I was in the army.
		We had to march somewhere.
		Then we marched in formation in Tuira, and went to the Steiner school.
		It was such a big hall.
		Other army formations also marched there.
		There was an event in the hall, and then when it ended, we were really confused there, and I tried to find the formation where I came there, but I couldn't find it anywhere.
	}
	{
		Such an exciting dream.
		I was watching TV with my mother, sister and relatives.
		On the other hand, maybe the dating partner was there.
		I don't remember exactly.
		In the end, however, I was on the move with my girlfriend, or my ex, I'm not sure.
		We were in the construction site of Tietomaa in Oulu.
		That building was used differently.
		That tower was weathered and pretty much abandoned.
		We went to the top with my girlfriend and a couple of guys.
		There was no standing platform at all.
		It was about professions.
		One of those guys said that he has studied something that is just right for this.
		It starts with making the ceiling platform out of some specially designed boards, and then painting it with strange patterns.
		Suddenly, all 3 others are completely busy making some art.
		Then they decide to start singing together.
		Then the song is just a polyphonic sound.
		It starts to hurt my ears, I decide to go down.
		I reach down and open the dusty door.
		Behind there is the large kitchen of a school restaurant.
		I see the bathroom door, and I accidentally want to go to the women's bathroom.
		In it, a cook-woman says that "it's for people without a tap (between their legs)".
		Then I realize to go to the men's bathroom.
		I wake up.
	}
	{
		I had a dream where I was 20 years back in time with my young stepmother. He reminded a certain Maija a lot, kissed, and just disappeared somewhere.
		Slowly waking up, I just thought "come back"...
	}
	{
		I dreamed about my old classmates Teemu and Joona.
		I must have been with Teemu at Joona's house, and there was a very special game machine there.
		It had the games on cassette, and it probably also had a vinyl player.
		Then later I was apparently here in my current home, and then Tiina, also Joona's ex-girlfriend, had come to sleep in the guest bed in the neighboring room.
		She was in drunk there, and then she seductively yelled at me from there like, "Can I ask you a question?"
		I answer "Yeah".
		"Hotter, colder or easier?"
		I answer that "easier".
		I wake up.
	}
	{
		I dreamed about Veera, and that she was pregnant, and she had a husband, and she was very angry with me.
	}
	{
		I had a dream some time ago that I was talking to Katja, who was in Helsinki, that it was snowing terribly there, and that the border was in the middle of Finland, and that it was clear in Oulu.
		Now there is news like this from New York "north of the city, there was a mere dusting of precipitation, while in parts south, snow was everywhere"
	}
	{
		I had a dream about Ansku (my good friend Anna-Maria Veijo).
		She had black hair and we were in Nallikari.
		I was looking for a trash can there, and then Ansku kissed me, and then she wanted to go to town to eat.
		She also did "Eskimo greeting" with his nose to me.
	}
}
