album #9 (when: year 2011) {
	explanation {
		health {
			I was mentally in a bad shape, because of bullying, attacks, abuse and traumas
			I couldn't be in the school
			I moved back to my hometown
		}
		legal {
			in troubles because of stupid friends talked into something
			I wasn't even responsible one
		}
		friends {
			had to delete facebook because of mental and legal burden
		}
		life {
			searched for girlfriend
			tried to study in university
		}
		professional music producer {
			I made new songs in cubase
		}
		mistakes {
			didn't make enough lyrics
			got into more troubles, but others can be blamed
		}
		what is good {
			music and notes survived
			authentic songs can be made
		}
		conclusion {
			I was abused even more and it added 10 years for me to recovery
		
		what happened {
			I moved back to my hometown
			In my hometown, horrible sexual lies are being spread about me, which changed people's attitude towards me, and about which I knew nothing.
			I was even in danger of my life, but I didn't know it.
			Graffiti or tags were made on my sister's house, where she was also insulted because of me, but I didn't realize this until too late.
			Because of lies and people's hatred of me based on lies, I was led to order something legitimate online, which caused me serious problems.
			There were three people who were more to blame for my legal problems than I was, and who never suffered the consequences.
			I finally began to sense a strangeness in my surroundings, but I couldn't understand why.
			I had to delete my Facebook account, which had hundreds of friends, only because I received strange inexplicable hatred and scheming.
			I started a new course at the university in my hometown, although my health problems continued, and they still prevented me from studying normally, which saddened me.
			I met a new girl at school while doing group work, who was straight out of my dreams.
			That new girl clearly felt something for me too.
			Unfortunately, I was unable to take the initiative, which was partly due to my health problems.
			To this day, I'm bitter that I didn't get such a wonderful and beautiful girlfriend for myself.
			I continued making music without having a good outlet for it.
			I was hoping to find collaborators, but due to my traumas, I didn't dare to make a conversation or make contact on the internet.
			The local musician types didn't understand my music.
			I was stuck with my music career and all I could do was compose and take notes.
			My compositions were still better than ever before, which made me happy.
			I learned a lot about music production and how to use Cubase.
		}
		sugar-coated fantasy explanation {
			Meeting a new beautiful woman created hope for the future.
			I started a new era, where I focused on myself and helped myself in my own problems, which was only possible because of closing my facebook account.
			Focusing on the compositions made the final result even more memorable, even though it took more than 10 years to publish it.
			My situation forced me to accept and qualify only outcomes that fit me perfectly, which prevented my music career from ending.
		}
	}
	notes {
		dont take nothing back {
			dont take nothing fucking back
			you deserve it 
			to be who you really are
			you deserve it
			just relax
			there's nothing bad coming behind us
		}
		finnish fucking red {
			at least not crap worth reading
			Finnish teenagers are the world's best-selling topic
			army and wives and boredom and bands and everything you have to know, damn it.
			nothing is canceled and never regretted!
		}
		about Sana {
			you want to hurt me
			I am silenced by violence, by poison
			I don't think you'll be lucky then
			while teaching his own master to piss

			I have a thousand tricks
			for every hundred acts, a thousand wins
			and not everything can be revealed
			must be given the opportunity to try

			a spoiled and delusional brat
			don't know about the symptoms: dog pick up rotten bone!
			I went to the bottom, cut my braid and went to work
			but there are no further instructions

			I know how to go on
			I have fooled you so many times that I can do it for fun
			I copied your pain, and I won't die
			I'll take your place, I'll take your place
		}
		May Morning {
			I'd better go home now
			so cold is the morning of May
			drunk like that, you're too horrible
			don't be afraid, the devil himself won't take advantage of you
		}
		{
			I'll put a bag on your head the next time I fuck you
			I seek satisfaction that way
			there is no flow in these rhymes at all
			when the microphone is not first on the lips
		}
		this house can fit many of us {
			psst
			I would like to tell a story
			once the sun rose in my closet
			beautiful as a spring morning,
			summer flower, snow in the yard
			I'm not isolated, I've isolated myself
			hope it doesn't smell
			even the parents guessed it
			everyone knows the neighbor
			before I was paranoid, I still managed the crop
			and I smoked
			it's not me against the world
			I work alone and in secret
			tears blood sweats
			until the end, I swear this is fireproof
			I can see the bloom in my eyes
			this is for those who walk with their feet on the ground and their heads in the clouds
			I admit this is a bad joke
			but who and where am i?
			the cat and mouse game ends here
			I stayed to eat cheese snacks
			I'm not flexible, I don't do gymnastics
			I don't know what the colors are
			although I have never seen Rudi
			dog with two sharp corners, good job
			others get angry when he says seriously
		}
		A guy named Make {
			Once upon a time there was a Make
			Make was from a rich family. He always had everything he wanted. He actually had more of what he wanted. From an early age she had had the finest clothes. And Make wasn't a flashy guy, he wouldn't have wanted so much attention.
			Make's father was a big business manager, whose company was dissed by many of Make's friends.
			When Make had already completed elementary school and the army, he decided to avenge the injustice that people had done to him.
			He got the most amazing girlfriend, a nice car with his father's money and threw expensive parties for his friends who had been supportive.
			That's all.
		}
		gear-eyed creatures {
			In a land where creatures have gears around their eyes, makeup can be life-threatening.
			They lived like us humans, although it was less cloudy in their country. The fruits of the machinery were enjoyed every second. Life was like a movie for us, they acted quickly and as if telepathically. Everyone read about gears spinning around their own eyes, what is recommended to do. The research didn't really interest anyone, and the few who had studied how even slowing down the speed of the gear wheel affected things had disappeared.
			They knew that the other people they saw were accurate reflections of millions of other political microcircles. Everyone was supposed to stay in the same rhythm so that the film would continue as it was supposed to.
			They didn't care much about their surroundings. It wasn't relevant. From our point of view, they act like the planets move in relation to the sun, and the sun moves in relation to the next larger ball of matter.
			Here the personal stories were not interesting, but it was even more interesting to stare at the eyes of the guy who had decided to become a researcher. As if by mutual agreement, when the researcher's eye wheels turned more slowly, the others increased their speed, and vice versa.
			For this reason, it was impossible for the researcher to return to his previous rhythm. When the community had picked up their pace enough, everyone woke up to find that they were doing the same rhythm again, but this researcher had disappeared.
		}
		this place {
			Time crawls in this place
			nothing changes even if you get old
			the same faces network with each other
			no matter what they say
			far from the same hand is closer to death
			we are still collecting debt
		}
	}
	about songs {
		"dot fi" {
			The memory of singing a folk song with my friends in elementary school ignited a spark, where I made more classical and folk-song-like tunes, but added the modern angst of a city dweller and suitable chords.
		}
		"gutter" {
			I felt disgust and boredom, but still a strange positivity.
			The jazzy chords of this song make for a very ethereal atmosphere, which reflects sophistication, but also that things are wrong.
		}
		"india" {
			I had found my late stepmother's painkillers and used them for a week.
			I made this song while lying in bed and playing the guitar.
			I was just thinking about traveling and warm countries.
			I had always wanted to travel to India and I named this song India.
		}
		"twisted xmas 2012" {
			I still need to vent my pain, disappointment, anxiety and confusion.
			The chords and melody of this song reflect well the suffering I experienced.
		}
		"with you" {
			I've always appreciated Apple computers, but I couldn't afford them.
			The first computer I used was my family friend Peka's Apple laptop in the early 90s, when I was about 3 years old.
			I installed the Hackintosh operating system on my PC.
			I installed music production software on the OSX operating system.
			I made this song using Ableton on OSX.
			The song reflects the joy that came when I was finally able to use the Apple operating system despite my poverty.
		}
		"island hideout" {
			I played with complex chords and wanted to make a story with a chord flow again.
			The story-like chord progressions were remnants of my 2009 band Vaikeat Ajat.
			I think this turned out to be a particularly beautiful song melodically.
			The chorus is a great melodic hook.
		}
		"lucky strike" {
			This is an energetic young man's song.
			I couldn't stand going to nightclubs alone or with friends, even if I wanted to.
			This song is an image of the energetic nightlife that I missed.
		}
		"the day you're mine" {
			I desperately missed socializing and the company of a girlfriend.
			I just thought that the day would come when I would have a girlfriend again.
			The composition of the song is romantic and powerful.
		}
		"city street" {
			I knew that I should make Finnish rap for the audience, because they were my most listened to songs.
			I deliberately made something slow and beautiful Finnish rap background.
			However, I couldn't even play with the idea of rapping myself because I was so deep in my trauma.
		}
		"unspoken" {
			My band experiences were still fresh in my mind, and I also thought about joining the band again.
			This is a particularly good rock band song, but you could also rap to it.
			This is a lot like Red Hot Chili Peppers production in a good way.
		}
	}
	content {
		music album (artist: Poko, album title: On the Run ) {
			"dot fi": Anxiety - Anxiety is a feeling of unease or dread, often without the cause. This song will deal with the everyday worries about the future that everyone can feel, but due to the hopeful instrumental it will also be interpreted as the feeling of hope trapped in despair.
			"gutter": "Fugitive": The song talks about about grappling with the pain of a past mistake - one you can never truly escape - and the freedom to come to terms and move on that comes from accepting that mistake.
			"india": “The Best Is Yet to Come” : The song is about keeping hope alive and looking forward to the future. It encourages the listener to have faith and to keep pushing through even in tough times. 
			"twisted xmas 2012": “Lost in Christmas” – This song tells the story of a couple that both have been wounded in love and don't know how to deal with it. The man resists being together at Christmas, and the woman is angry and wants to be with him.
			"with you": "Free and Clear" - A upbeat track about wholeheartedly taking risks without any doubts in order to chase after your dreams and goals.
			"island hideout": "To The Stars" - A story about a journey of self-discovery and hope despite the obstacles faced. A reminder that despite the hardships, we can still reach for our dreams and be brave enough to take the risk.
			"lucky strike": "Party's over": This song expresses the frustrations of someone who's been living the high life but is now stuck in a mundane life. This person is feeling burned out and fed up with their situation. 
			"the day you're mine": "Tonight": The singer talks about his need to get laid tonight and how much he wants to escape the reality. He's dreaming of his perfect girl to come and rescue him from his lonely world and take him away to the places he's been dreaming of.
			"city street": "Broken Chains" - This song is about all the people I met growing up in my hometown Oulu, and how we struggled together against the pain and suffering of society. The sad reality of being trapped in our hometown and the hard bond we developed over shared experiences. 
			"unspoken": "Fool's Paradise" - This song is about people who are living in a false sense of security, a state of delusion, without any awareness of the real world. The chorus is a message to those who are living in a fool’s paradise to recognize the truth and to start seeing the world as it really is.
		}
	}
}

