album #8 (artistname: loathing inc, when: during second half of 2010, where: myspace) {
	explanation {
		military {
			I got out of the air force
			I was bullied and in bad shape mentally
		}
		friends {
			I got hundreds of Facebook friends
			I lost my close friends
		}
		school {
			I started university
		}
		life {
			I moved away from my hometown
			my old traumas struck again and I stayed in my room
		}
		professional music producer {
			I was very hopeful still
			my rap projects were still popular
		}
		pictures {
			
		}
		mistakes {
			didn't make enough lyrics
			not strengthening my internet artist profile
		}
		what is good {
			music and notes survived
			authentic songs can be made
		}
		conclusion {
			I started my own artist career
		}
		what happened {
			I got out from military in July 2010
			I moved to Vaasa to study in the university
			I started making music with my laptop PC
			I used Cubase software for making music
			I hadn't been making music alone in 2 years, so I was clumsy
			I never had made music for myself, which was a new idea
			However, I still didn't have my voice, because it had always been very weak side of my due to traumas
			I couldn't sing or rap over mental barriers
			I wrote lyrics and notes
			The mental traumas, which military made happen, started to show, and I had to take psychiatric sick leave from university
			My mental problems led me to move back to my hometown, but it was later than this album
		}
		about songs {
			overall {
				I didn't have any good way out to publish these songs
				I didn't have friends in music industry (at least any who wanted to help me)
				I didn't get any meaningful support from anyone
			}
			"edge - b" {
				this is very touching song, which I made from a piano song, that I had been played for years
			}
			"hometown" {
				this is the song I first watched a video tutorial for. the tutorial taught how to make a "french house" style
				I was very pleased with this piece
			}
			"loathing inc" {
				with this song I let out some steam that was in my head after the band days and after leaving the band
				I combined the band's electric guitars and dance music
				the tune was also particularly twisted and haunting, which described my mood well at that moment
			}
			"slow dancing" {
				in the army I had met a lot of old friends who reminded me of slow dancing in limu discos.
				I wanted to bring out my sensitivity, and the feeling that comes from being in a dark space and waiting to dance with a woman
				this also represents the feeling of seeing incredible beauty and being noticed by that beauty
			}
			"crash landing" {
				this was originally a remix of a well-known song.
				i used the "french house" techniques learned for this technique.
				I was really happy with this song too and listened to it on repeat
			}
			"energizer" {
				this is an interesting composition and i don't remember much about it
				I didn't finish this song very far in the beginning
				this represents a chord progression that my army buddy played and made humorous lyrics for other army buddies
			}
			"rabbit's life" {
				this song represents my only success, the Finnish rap song "Sydämen Asialla"
				it has much of the same sensibility and emotional state
				the purpose is to tell about relationships and love in a romantic way
			}
			"sailing" {
				this song brought joy, which was in short supply in these times
				I didn't think about it at the time, but this song kept my thinking independent and supported my joy as an independent artist
			}
			"sexy" {
				it goes without saying that I missed a girlfriend and sex terribly
				this song gave me some good feeling that I will still find a beautiful girlfriend
			}
			"blow my whistle" {
				this song was a modernized version of one of the Finnish folk songs
				my old friends had reminded me of elementary school in Kiiming, when we used to sing that folk song with the class
			}
		}
		notes {
			{
				my canoe can cross this sea
				but I missed home already a week ago
				I am free and fly like a bird
				if you don't consider this damn water under me

				my meal is delicious
				after all, I drank three beers
				what's up, you've changed
				everything is fine in here
			}
			{
				Call and Sing I can hear your voice
				the song of the birds and the grasshoppers
				chord triad and last measure
				played my guitar and broke the amp

				where were you when we last saw each other
				what is written in the stars
				my tongue went into a knot when I corked the beer
				and this is not embarrassing in light of the future
				to clarify, my world is in your words

				morning coffee is delicious at sunrise
				the most demanding work maybe before lunch
				I don't want pain on my deathbed
			}
			{
				problem solving needs a problem
				the situation should become certain
				change requires work
				are there any tools?
				The problem is: What tools do we need?
				Enough power, technology and practicality
				Wrong tool, the biggest problem.
				The tools are attractive to use.
				Sometimes a wooden plank is more useful as a chopping board than as firewood.
				Sometimes a diamond is more profitable in a drill bit than as a status symbol and "crow decoy".
			}
			{
				It's for the video blog
				It's in the voice
				power and technology
				practicality arises when writing a manuscript
				is in the picture
				technology and practicality
				but no power
				the motive for producing is found in the joy of doing
				but there is no motive for publishing, which affects the content of the manuscript, i.e. the practicality of the end result
				the image can be made more effective by cutting and using simple effects
				however, the biggest efficiency effect comes from the host, who should dress correctly
				which clothes would you choose yourself?
				if you were the furthest away from "yourself" when you were naked, what clothes would you wear then?
			}
			{
				I've been listening to a lot of music about fire.
				Well, I decided that once all the songs are on fire, I won't make one either.
				I made the words and thought about the title for the song. At first I was going to name this song "light my cigarette, babe", but then I came to my senses, and I realized that the whole point of this thing is that the title must have the word came, so the name of the song then became:
				"Light my cigarette (on fire), babe"
				(pours Zippo gasoline on himself)
				(lights a match)
				Light my cigarette, babe
				I broke my zippo and I'm wet from gas
				i need your fire, baby
				but be careful, girl, I might flare up
				why are you staring at me babe
				so now you dig that match
				you have a crazy glint in your eyes
				if the flame touches the gasoline
				babe, I might freak out
				You can't do that
				The girls want to burn me at the stake, I want to smoke a cigarette and not die
				I messed up the words again in the wee hours, I can only touch the cancer wrap with my lips
				I'm something but not crazy and not a king
				this is about when I went home through the grill
				Had to run away, babe
				pyromaniacs are scary, I'll die wet from gasoline
				I can't get a cigarette, babe
				must have, someone will give
				Would you give me fire?
				Would you give me ... fire?
				French fries, hamburger and coke
				and you don't have that snuff to sell? Oh no, you can't help it
			}
			{
				God: Host, hear me.
				Who's talking what?
				God: It's me, God.
				Wait, oh God.
				God: I came to tell you that you are one of my best jokes.
				Okay... thanks.
				God: Show me those scars.
				Er, what scars?
				God: I said, show me those scars!
				*pim* red visible scars appear on the forehead.
				what the f? why did you do that oh it's just masking tape.
				I was hit in the head with a bottle and got a lightning bolt scar.
				in the same way as, I won't even say who.
			}
			{
				I have a problem
				in which I can't get out of my head
				that one song where everything was told

				When the ice falls and the sky tears apart
				when the world is over
				you still can't take my soul away
				even if you were true

				you sink into the lake and your mind wanders
				the moisture burns my skin
				does the world shut down when i close my eyes
				or is it just me
			}
			{
				In the beginning you walk towards your destination. You're walking somewhere at sunset direction.
				Route is blocked by mountains and gorges. You will pass the mountains, because it would be quite foolish to climb up and come back down. Especially when the destination is waiting.
				Sometimes you encounter a ravine, and you must get the other side.
				You descend the ravine slopes, and you look at the other side looking for a route there.
				Sooner or later, you step wrong and you hit the bottom of the gorge.
				Fall does not hurt, because the walls are soft as pillows. And from the bottom you will find all the things you've always dreamed of.
				Even if you're trying to get away and climb up the slope, you will fall down.
				Eventually you will no longer try to escape, and you accept things as they are.
				<3
			}
			{
				Don't give me anything, I want your anger
				I already have my testicles ripped out of my soul
				don't give me a reason to cry and hug a man in public
				I want to be a weak troll who screams ugly

				I recognize mine from the starry sky
				the mirror image resembles my idol
				if you get into this rhythm
				love doesn't remain just a dream
			}
			{
				social media fills my time
				although I don't like those messages either
				and that's not really my boyfriend

				that also just reminds me of how I embarrassed myself back then
				and it's not my boyfriend, it's annoying on purpose

				there are about two hundred of them
				they will listen, maybe, when I open up again
				don't put an invite in the farm game, I don't want to
				wasting my time more on this, which I'm doing even now
				so I'm waiting for new status updates.

				Social media calls to you like a siren's song
				there is strength in the crowd, they say, and each of them wants to take me with them
				relationships start and end, everything is visible, I know where you live.
				and I'm not really your boyfriend, I'm still talking shit behind your back

				there are about two hundred of them
				they will listen, maybe, when I open up again
				don't put an invitation, in the farm game, I don't want to
				wasting my time more on this, which I'm doing even now
				status updates are pouring in
				family, friends and others listen to my words
				is this pointless and that's why it's so interesting
			}
			{
				There are people who imagine themselves to be livestock. They believe that the police use their supercomputers to keep an eye on every person, they believe in encrypted technology for teleportation, for governments to communicate with extraterrestrial life.
				There are also people who move this world to card and board games, and improve the world one card at a time.
			}
		}
	}
	sugar-coated fantasy explanation {
		I was protecting my homeland and learning valueable skills and inter-personal skills
		I was learning very benficial skill to make more money in organisations
		I improved my self-confidence, which shows even with women
		I improved my long-term profits and rewards
		Learning important things like this will always change your life and surprise you
		I was full of good energy after coming out of military, which can be heard in my music
	}
	content {
		music album ( album title: Empty Promises ) {
			"edge - b" (a touching and danceable fast ballad): "The Unspoken" - a song about unspoken love, and the fear of speaking up
			"hometown" (powerful and energetic, danceable power song, dark tune): No End in Sight - a song about the dark road ahead and resilience in the face of adversity 
			"loathing inc" ( powerful and energetic, a twisted composition, a song to dance to while drunk): "Lost Control" - A song about a person who is so drunk that they lose all control and feeling, going wild and far away from the norm.
			"slow dancing" ( slow tempo, danceable with a couple, romantic, exciting, love song): "Softly Fading Away" - a wistful, nostalgic song about how quickly love can be taken away, and the pain of not being able to hold onto it forever. 
			"crash landing" ( fast paced, energetic, happy, catchy, rap song ): Motorway - A rap song about the joys of driving on the motorway highway while celebrating life and overcoming obstacles.
			"energizer" ( mid-tempo, energetic, exciting, carefree and worried alternately, rhythmic, rap song): "Who We Are" - A song about the things that make you who you are and your unique place in the world.
			"rabbit's life" ( mid-tempo, trio in tempo, energetic, exciting, really touching and catchy, slightly sad, rhythmic, rap song ): "Life Doesn't Stop", it is a story about resilience after traumatic experiences, when life doesn't stop when things get bad but just keep going. 
			"sailing" ( medium-tempo waltz, carefree, reminiscent of summer days at the beach, occasionally sad, with a happy chorus ): "Rising Sun" -  A song about the hope of a new dawn, and the new beginning that it brings. 
			"sexy" ( medium tempo, happy, carefree, reminiscent of summer days, dance song ): "Lazy Summer" - A song about taking a break from the hustle and bustle of life and just enjoying a lazy summer day.
			"blow my whistle" ( a mid-tempo, exciting or sad, reggae-like song ): "Rebuilding The Wall": A song about picking yourself up and trying to believe in yourself again after being hurt.
			extra "heartbeat"
		}
	}
}



